END THE days. summer happy the and child-life, own her remembering joys, simple their all in pleasure a find and sorrows, simple their all with feel would she how and ago: long of Wonderland of dream the with even perhaps tale, strange a many with eager and bright eyes THEIR make and children, little other her about gather would she how and childhood: her of heart loving and simple the years, riper her all through keep, would she how and woman; grown a herself be after-time, the in would, hers of sister little same this how herself to pictured she Lastly, sobs. heavy Turtle's Mock the of place the take would distance the in cattle the of lowing the farm-yard--while busy the of clamour confused the to knew) (she change would noises, queer other the all and Gryphon, the of shriek the baby, the of sneeze the boy--and shepherd the of voice the to cries shrill Queen's the and bells, sheep- tinkling to change would teacups rattling reeds--the the of waving the to rippling pool the and wind, the in rustling only be would grass reality--the dull to change would all and again, them open to but had she knew she though Wonderland, in herself believed half and eyes, closed with on, sat she So Turtle. Mock miserable the of sobs distant the with up mixed air, the filled guinea-pigs, suppressed the of choking the and slate-pencil, Lizard's the of squeaking the Gryphon, the of shriek the more it--once around crashed dishes and plates while knee, Duchess's the on sneezing was pig-baby the more execution--once to herunfortunateguests off ordering Queen the of voice shrill the and meal, never-ending their shared friends his and Hare March the as teacups the of rattle the hear could pool--she neighbouring the through way his splashed Mouse frightened by--the hurried Rabbit White the as feet her at rustled grass long The dream. sister's little her of creatures strange the alive became her around place whole the listen, to orseemed listened, she as still eyes--and her WOULDalwaysgetinto that hair wandering the back keep to head her of toss little queer that see and voice, her of tones very the hear could hers--she into up looking were eyes eager bright the and knee, her upon clasped were hands tiny the again once and herself, Alice little of dreamed she First, dream:-- her was this and fashion, a after dreaming began too she till Adventures, wonderful her all and Alice little of thinking and sun, setting the watching hand, her on head her leaning her, left she as just still sat sister her But been. had it dream wonderful a what might, she well as ran, she while thinking off, ran and up got Alice So late.' getting it's tea; your to in run now but certainly: dear, dream, curious a WAS `It said, and her, kissed sister her finished, had she when and about; reading been just have you that hers of Adventures strange these all them, remember could she as well as sister, her told she and Alice, said dream!' curious a such had I've `Oh, had!' you've sleep long a what `Why, sister; her said dear!' Alice up, `Wake face. her upon trees the from down fluttered had that leaves dead some away brushing gently was who sister, her of lap the in head her with bank, the on lying herself found and themoff, beat to tried and anger, of half and fright of half scream, little a gave she her: upon down flying came and air, the into up rose pack whole the this At cards!' of pack a but nothing `You're time.) this by size full her to grown had (she Alice, said you?' for cares `Who moved. Nobody voice. her of top the shoutedat Queen head!'the her with Alice.`Off said won't!' `I purple. turning Queen, the said tongue!' your `Hold first!' sentence the having of idea `The loudly. Alice said nonsense!' and `Stuff afterwards.' first--verdict `Sentence Queen. the said no!' `No, day. that time twentieth the about for said, King the verdict,' their consider jury the `Let laughed, everybody and tone, offended an in added King the pun!' a `It's silence. dead a was There smile. a with court the round looking King, the said you,' FIT don't words the `Then lasted.) it as long as face, his down trickling was that ink, the using again, began hastily now he but mark; no made it found he as finger, one with slate writingonhis off left had Bill little unfortunate (The spoke. she as Lizard the at inkstand an throwing furiously, Queen the said `Never!' Queen. the to said he think?' I dear, my fits, had never you FIT--" THIS HAD SHE again--"BEFORE Then THAT. than clearer be can `Nothing table. the on tarts the to pointing triumphantly, King the said are!' they there `Why, Alice. said YOU,"' TO HIM FROM RETURNED ALL "THEY on goes it `But, know--' you tarts, the with did he what be must that why, TWO--" HIM GAVE THEY ONE, HER GAVE "I course-- of jury, the that's TRUE--" BE TO IT KNOW `"WE himself: to verses the over muttering on went he and King, the far,'said so `Allright, cardboard.) of entirely made being NOT, did certainly he (Which said. he it?' like look I `Do sadly. head his shook Knave The Knave. the to turning added, he you?' can swim, can't you SWIM--" NOT COULD I "--SAID all. after them, in meaning some see to seem `I eye; one with them at looking and knee, his on verses the out spreading on, went he know,' don't I yet And any. find to try needn't we as know, you trouble, of world a saves `that King, the said it,' in meaning no there's `If paper. the explain to attempted them of none but it,' in meaning of atom an there's believe doesn't `SHE slates, their on down wrote all jury The it.' in meaning of atom an there's believe don't _I_ sixpence. him give `I'll him,) interrupting of afraid bit a wasn't she that minutes few last the in large so grown had (she Alice, said it,' explain can them of one any `If jury--' the let now `so hands; his rubbing King, the said yet,' heard we've evidence of piece important most the `That's me.' and yourself Between rest, the all from kept secret, A be ever must this For best, them liked she know him let Don't it. and ourselves, and Him, between came that obstacle An fit) this had she (Before been had you that was notion My were. we as Exactly free, them set to you to trusts He affair, this in Involved be to chance should she or I If before. mine Thoughtheywere you, to him from returned all They more; or three us gave You two, him gave they one, her gave I you? of become would What on, matter the push should she If true): be to it know (We gone not had I word them sent swim.He not could I said But character, good a me him:Shegave to me mentioned And her, to been had you me told `They read:-- Rabbit White the verses the were These stop.' then end: the to come you till on go `and gravely, said King the beginning,' the at `Begin asked. he Majesty?' your please begin, I shall `Where spectacles. his on put Rabbit White The King. the said them,' `Read about!' they're what know even don't you `Why, Alice. said sort!' the of nothing proves `It Queen. the said guilt,' his PROVES `That day. that said had King the thing clever really first the was it this: at hands of clapping general a was There man.' honest an like name your signed have you'd else or mischief, some meant have MUST You worse. matter the makes only `that King, the said it,' sign didn't you `If end.' the at signed name no there's did: I prove can't they and it, write didn't `I Knave, the said Majesty,' your `Please again.) up brightened all jury (The King. the said hand,' else's somebody imitated have must `He puzzled.) looked all jury (The it.' about thing queerest the that's `and Rabbit, White the said not,' they're `No, jurymen. the of another asked handwriting?' prisoner's the in they `Are verses.' of set a it's all: after letter, a isn't `It added and spoke, he as paper the unfolded He OUTSIDE.' the on written nothing there's fact, `in Rabbit; White the said all,' at directed isn't `It jurymen. the of one said to?' directed it is `Who know.' you usual, isn't which nobody, to written was it `unless King, the said that,' been have must `It somebody.' to--to prisoner the by written letter, a be to seems it `but Rabbit, White the said yet,' it opened haven't `I Queen. the it?'said in `What's up.' picked been just has paper hurry;`this great a in up jumping Rabbit, White the said Majesty,' your please yet, come to evidence more `There's voice. trembling low, a in jury, the to said he verdict,' your `Consider hastily. note-book his shut and pale, turned King The Alice. said One,' Number be to ought it `Then King. the said book,' the in rule oldest the `It's now.' just it invented you rule: regular a not that's `besides, Alice: said rate,' any at go, shan't I `Well, Queen. the added high,' miles two `Nearly King. the said are,' `You Alice. said high,' mile a not `I'M Alice. at looked Everybody COURT.' THE LEAVE TO HIGH MILE A THAN MORE PERSONS Forty-two.ALL `Rule book, his from out read and `Silence!' out note-book,cackled his in writing busily time some for been had who King, the moment this At herself. to thought she bit,' a matter doesn't it `but slates; their over look to enough near was she as this, see could Alice `unimportant.' some and `important,' down it wrote jury the of Some best. sounded word which trying were he if as unimportant--important--' `important--unimportant-- undertone, an in himself to on went and said, hastily King the meant,' I course, of `UNimportant, spoke. he as him at faces making and frowning but tone, respectful very a in said he course,' of means, Majesty your `UNimportant, interrupted: Rabbit White the when slates, their on down this write to beginning just were They jury. the to turning said, important,'theKing very `That's Alice. said whatever,' `Nothing King. the persisted WHATEVER?' `Nothing Alice. said `Nothing,' Alice. to said King the business?' this about know you do `What court. the of roof the into up gazing open, mouth its with sit but anything do to overcome much too seemed who Lizard, the except all accident, the of history a out write to diligently very work to set they them, to back handed and found been had pencils and slates their and upset, being of shock the from recovered little a had jury the as soon As other.' the as up way one trial the in use much as QUITE be would it think should `I herself; to said she much,' signifies it that `not right; it put and again, out it got soon She move. to unable quite being way, melancholy a in about tail its waving was thing little poor the and downwards, head in Lizard the put had she haste, her in that, saw and jury-box, the at looked Alice do. said he as Alice at hard looking emphasis, great with repeated he ALL,' places-- proper their in back are jurymen the all `until voice, grave very a in King the said proceed,' cannot trial `The die. would they or jury-box, the into back put and once at collected be must they that idea of sort vague a had she and head, her in running kept goldfish the of accident the for could, she as quickly as again up them picking began and dismay, great of tone a in exclaimed she pardon!' your BEG I `Oh, before. week the upset accidentally had she goldfish of globe a of much very her reminding about, sprawling lay they there and below, crowd the of heads the to on jurymen the skirt,upsettingall her of edge the with jury-box the over tipped she that hurry a such in up jumped she and minutes, few last the in grown had she large how moment the of flurry the in forgetting quite Alice, cried `Here!' Evidence Alice's XII CHAPTER `Alice!' name the voice, little hisshrill of atthetop out, read Rabbit White the when surprise, her Imagine herself. to said she YET,' evidence much got haven't they `--for like, be would witness next the what see to curious very feeling list, the over fumbled he as Rabbit White the watched Alice ache!' forehead my makes quite It witness. next the cross-examine must YOU dear, my `Really, Queen, the to undertone an in added he And witness.' next the `Call relief. great of air an with King, the said mind!' `Never disappeared. had cook the again, down settled had they thetime by and, out, turned Dormouse the getting confusion, in was court whole the minutes some For whiskers!' his with Off him! Pinch him! Suppress court! of out Dormouse that Turn Dormouse! that `Behead out. shrieked Dormouse,'theQueen that `Collar her. behind voice sleepy a said `Treacle,' cook. the said mostly,' `Pepper, of?' made tarts are `What voice, deep a in said he sight, of out nearly were eyes his till cook the at frowning and arms his folding after and, air, melancholy a with said, King the must,' I must, I if `Well, witness.' THIS cross-examine `YourMajestymust voice, low a in said who Rabbit, White the at anxiously looked King The cook. the said `Shan't,' King. the said evidence,' your `Give once. at all sneezing began door the near people the way the by court, the into got she before even was, it who guessed Alice and hand, her in pepper-box the carried She cook. Duchess's the was witness next The King. the said witness!' next the `Call door. the to get could officer the before sight of out was Hatter the but officers: the of one to added Queen the outside,' off head his take just `--and on. shoes his put to waiting even without court, the left hurriedly Hatter the and King, the said go,' may `You singers. of list the reading was who Queen, the at look anxious an with Hatter, the said tea,' my finish rather `I'd better.' on get shall we `Now Alice. thought guinea-pigs!' the finished that `Come, suppressed. was and cheered, guinea-pig other the Here replied. King the down,' SIT may you `Then is.' it as floor, the on `I'm Hatter: the said lower,' no go can't `I King. the continued down,' stand may you it, about know you all that's `If now.' till meant it what understood never I and court," the of officers the by suppressed immediately was which applause, at attempts some was "There trials, of end the at newspapers, the in read often so `I've Alice. thought done,' that seen I've glad `I'm it.) upon sat then and first, head guinea-pig, the slipped they this into strings: with mouth the at up tied which bag, canvas large a had They done. was it how you to explain just will I word, hard a rather is that (As court. the of officers the by suppressed immediately was and cheered, guinea-pigs the of one Here King. the said speaker,' poor very a `You're began. he Majesty,' your man, poor a `I'm knee. one on down went and bread-and-butter, and teacup his dropped Hatter miserable The executed.' you have I'll `or King, the remarked remember,' MUST `You Hatter. the said remember,' can't I `That asked. jury the oneof say?' Dormouse the did what `But and-butter--' bread- more some cut `I Hatter, the continued that,' asleep.`After fast being nothing, denied Dormouse the but too: it deny would he if see to round anxiously looking on, went Hatter the said--' Dormouse the rate, any at `Well, part.' that out King:`leave the `Hedeniesit,'said Hare. saidtheMarch it!' Hatter.`Ideny the `Youdid!'said hurry. great a in interrupted Hare March the didn't!' `I said--' Hare March the that--only after twinkled things most `and on, went Hatter the man,' poor a `I'm on!' Go dunce? a for me take you `Do sharply. King the said T!' a with begins twinkling course `Of replied. Hatter the tea,' the with began `It King. the said what?' the of twinkling `The tea--' the of twinkling the thin--and so getting bread-and-butter the with what so--and or week a above tea--not my begun hadn't I `--and voice, trembling a in began, Hatter the Majesty,' your man, poor a `I'm not.' or nervous you're whether executed, you have I'll `or angrily, repeated King the evidence,' your `Give off. shoes his both shook he that so, trembled Hatter wretched the which on concert!' last the in singers the of list the me `Bring court, the of officers the of one to said she court, the crossed Dormouse the as just and, Hatter, the at staring off left hadnever Queen the time this All court. the of side other the to over andcrossed sulkily very up got he And fashion.' ridiculous that in `not Dormouse: the said pace,' reasonable a at grow I but `Yes, too.' growing you're know `you boldly: more Alice said nonsense,' talk `Don't Dormouse. the said here,' grow to right no `You've growing.' `I'm meekly: very Alice said it,' help can't `I breathe.' hardly can `I her. to next sitting was who Dormouse, the said so.' squeeze wouldn't you wish `I her. for room was there as long as was she where remain to decided she thoughts second on but court; the leave and up get would she first at thought she and again, larger grow to beginning was she was: it what out made she until deal good a her puzzled which sensation, curious very a felt Alice moment this at Just bread-and-butter. the of instead teacup his of out piece large a bit he confusion his in and Queen, the at uneasily looking other, the to foot one from shifting kept he all: at witness the encourage to seem not did This spot.' the on executed you have I'll or nervous, be don't `and King; the said evidence,' your `Give fidgeted. and pale turned who Hatter, the at staring began and spectacles, her on put Queen the Here hatter.' a I'm own. my of none `I've explanation; an as added Hatter the sell,' to them keep `I fact. the of memorandum a made instantly who jury, the to turning exclaimed, King the `Stolen!' Hatter. the said mine,' isn't `It Hatter. the to said King the hat,' your off `Take pence. and shillings to answer the reduced and up, them added then and slates, their on dates three all down wrote eagerly jury the and jury, the to said King the down,' that `Write Dormouse. the added `Sixteenth,' Hare. theMarch said `Fifteenth,' said. he was,' it think I March, of `Fourteenth Dormouse. the with arm-in-arm court, the into him followed had who Hare, March the at looked Hatter The begin?' you did `When King. the said finished,' have to ought `You for.' sent was I when tea my finished quite hadn't I but in: these bringing `for began, he Majesty,' your pardon, beg `I other. the in bread-and-butter of piece a and hand one in teacup a with in came He Hatter. the was witness first The witness!' `First out, called and trumpet, the on blasts three blew Rabbit White the and King; the said witness,' first the `Call that!' before come to `There'sagreatdeal interrupted. hastily Rabbit the yet!' not yet, `Not jury. the to said King the verdict,' your `Consider away!' quite them took And tarts, those stole he Hearts, of Knave The day: summer a on All tarts, some made she Hearts, of Queen `The follows:-- as read and scroll, parchment the unrolled then and trumpet, the on blasts three blew Rabbit White the this On King. the said accusation!' the read `Herald, slate. the on mark no left it as use, little very of was this and day; the of rest the for finger one with write to obliged was he it, for about all hunting after so, it; of become had what all at out make not could Lizard) the Bill, was (it juror little poor the that quickly so it did She away. it taking of opportunity an found soon very and him, behind got and court the round went she and stand, not could Alice course, of This squeaked. that pencil a had jurors the of One Alice. thought over!' trial's the before in be slates'll their muddle nice `A him. tell to neighbour his ask to had he that and `stupid,' spell to how know didn't them of one that out make even could she and slates, their on things!' `stupid down writing were jurors the all that shoulders, their over looking were she if as well as see, could Alice talking. was who out make to round, anxiously looked and spectacles his on put King the and court!' the in `Silence out, cried Rabbit White the for hastily, stopped she but voice, indignant loud, a in began Alice things!' `Stupid trial.' the of end the before them forget should they fear `for reply, in whispered Gryphon the names,' their down putting `They're begun.' trial's the before yet, down put to anything have can't `They Gryphon. the to whispered Alice doing?' they are `What slates. on busily very writing all were jurors twelve The well. as just done have would `jury-men' However, all. at it of meaning the knew age her of girls little few very that too, rightly and thought, she for it: of proud rather being herself, to over times three or two word last this said She jurors.' the are they suppose `I birds,) were some and animals, were them of some because see, you `creatures,' say to obliged was (she creatures,' twelve those `and Alice, thought jury-box,' the that's `And becoming. not certainly was it and comfortable, all at look not did he it,) did he how see to want you if frontispiece the wig,(lookat the over crown his wore he as and King; the was way, the by judge, The wig.' great his of `because herself, to said she judge,' the `That's there. everything nearly of name the knew she that find to pleased quite was she and books, in them about read had she but before, justice of court a in been never had Alice time. the away pass to her, about everything at looking began she so this, of chance no be to seemed there But refreshments!' the round hand `and thought, she done,' trial the get they'd wish them--`I at look to hungry quite Alice made it that good, so looked they it: upon tarts of dish large a with table, a was court the of middle very the In other. the in parchment of scroll a and hand, one in trumpet a with Rabbit, White the was King the near and him; guard to side each on soldier a with chains, in them, before standing was Knave the cards: of pack whole the aswellas beasts, birdsand little of them--allsorts about assembled crowd great a with arrived, they when throne their on seated were Hearts of Queen and King The Tarts? the Stole Who XI CHAPTER Soup!' beautiful Beautiful, e--e--evening, the of `Soo--oop words:-- melancholy the them, followed that breeze the on carried came, faintly more and more while faster, the ran and on!' `Come answered only Gryphon the but ran; she as panted Alice it?' is trial `What song. the of end the for waiting without off, hurried it hand, the by Alice taking and, Gryphon, the cried on!' `Come distance. the in heard was beginning!' trial's `The of cry a when it, repeat to begun just had Turtle Mock the and Gryphon, the cried again!' `Chorus SOUP!' beauti--FUL Beautiful, e--e--evening, the of Soo--oop Soo--oop! Beau--ootiful Soo--oop! Beau--ootiful Soup? beautiful of only Pennyworth Soup? beautiful of only Pennyworth two for else all give not would Who dish? other any or Game, fish, for cares Who Soup! `Beautiful Soup! beautiful Beautiful, e--e--evening, the of Soo--oop Soo--oop! Beau--ootiful Soo--oop! Beau--ootiful Soup! beautiful evening, the of Soup Soup! beautiful evening, the of Soup stoop? not would dainties such for Who tureen! hot a in Waiting green, and rich so Soup, `Beautiful this:-- sing to sobs, with choked sometimes voice a in began, and deeply, sighed Turtle Mock The fellow?' old you, will Soup," "Turtle her Sing tastes! for accounting No `Hm! tone, offended rather a in said, Gryphon the that eagerly so replied, Alice kind,' so be would Turtle Mock the if please, song, a `Oh, song?' a you sing to Turtle Mock the like you would `Or on. went Gryphon the Quadrille?' Lobster the of figure another try we `Shall so. do to glad too only was Alice and Gryphon: the said off,' leave better you'd think I `Yes, heard!' ever I thing confusing most the far by It's on? go you as it explain don't you `if interrupted, Turtle Mock the stuff,' that all repeating of use the IS `What banquet--] the concluded And growl, a with fork and knife received Panther the While spoon: the pocket to permitted kindly Was boon, a as Owl, the finished, all was pie the When treat. the of share its as dish the had Owl the While meat, and gravy, and pie-crust, took Panther The follows as continued editions [later pie--' a sharing were Panther the and Owl the How eye, one with marked, and garden, his by passed `I voice:-- trembling a in on went she and wrong, come all would it sure felt she though disobey, to dare not did Alice garden."' his by passed "I begins `it impatiently: repeated Gryphon the verse,' next the with on `Go subject. the change to longed and thing, whole the by puzzled dreadfully was but said; Alice dancing.' in position first the `It's know?' you nose, his with out them turn he COULD `How persisted. Turtle Mock the toes?' his about `But verse.' next the with on `Go hastily. Gryphon the said it,' explain can't `She Turtle. Mock the said explained,' it have to like should `I again. way natural a in happen EVER would anything if wondering hands, her in face her with down sat had she nothing; said Alice nonsense.' uncommon sounds it `but Turtle; Mock the said before,' it heard never I `Well, Gryphon. the said achild,' was I when say to used I what from different `That's sound.] tremulous and timid a has voice His around, are sharks and rises tide the when But, Shark, the of tones contemptuous in talk will And lark, a as gay is he dry, all are sands the When follows as [latereditionscontinued toes.' turnsouthis and buttons, his and belt his Trims nose his with he so eyelids, its with duck a As hair." my sugar must I brown, too me baked have "You declare, him heard I Lobster; the of voice the `'Tis indeed:-- queer very came words the and wassaying, she what knew hardly she that Quadrille, Lobster the of full so was head her but it, repeat to began and up, got she However, once.' at school at be well as might `I Alice; thought lessons!' repeat one make and about, one order creatures the `How Gryphon. the said SLUGGARD,"' THE OF VOICE THE "'TIS repeat and up `Stand Alice. over authority of kind some had it thought he if as Gryphon the Helookedat begin.' to her Tell now. something andrepeat try her hear to like should `I thoughtfully. repeated Turtle Mock the different!' came all `It Gryphon. the said be,' can it as curious as about all `It's curious.' very `That's said and breath, long a drew Turtle Mock the then and comingdifferent, all words andthe Caterpillar, the to WILLIAM,' FATHER OLD, ARE `YOU repeating her about part the to got she till quiet perfectly were listeners Her on. went she as courage gained she but wide, VERY so mouths and eyes their opened and side, each on one her, to close so got creatures two the first, at just it about nervous little a was She Rabbit. White the saw first she when time the from adventures her them telling began Alice So time.' dreadful a such take `explanations tone: impatient an in Gryphon the said first,' adventures The no! `No, Turtle. Mock the said that,' all `Explain then.' person different a was I because yesterday, to back going use no it's `but timidly: little a Alice said morning,' this from adventures--beginning my you tell could `I adventures.' YOUR of some hear let's `Come, added Gryphon the And tone. offended an in replied Turtle Mock the say,' I what mean `I Alice. said "purpose"?' mean you `Don't porpoise?"' what "With say should I journey, a going was he me told and ME, to came fish a if `why, Turtle: Mock the said not,' course `Of surprise. great of tone a in Alice said really?' it `Wouldn't porpoise.' a without anywhere go would fish wise `no said: Turtle Mock the them,' with him have to obliged were `They us!"' with YOU want don't we please: back, "Keep porpoise, the to said have `I'd song, the on running still were thoughts whose Alice, thewhiting,'said been I'd `If that.' you told have could shrimp `any impatiently: rather replied Gryphon the course,' of eels, and `Soles curiosity. great of tone a in asked Alice of?' made they are what `And know.' you Now whiting. a with done `are voice, deep a in on went Gryphon the sea,' the under shoes and `Boots believe.' I blacking, with done `They're answer. her gave she before little a considered and them, at down looked Alice shiny?' so them makes what mean, `I Gryphon. the said with?' done shoes YOUR are what `Why, tone. wondering a in repeated she shoes!' and boots the `Does puzzled. thoroughly was Alice solemnly. very replied Gryphon the SHOES.' AND BOOTS THE DOES `IT `Why?' Alice. said it,' about thought never `I whiting?' a called it's why know you `Do Gryphon. the said like,' you if that, than more you tell can `I before.' whiting a about much so knew never I interesting. very `it's Alice, said you,' `Thank all.' That's again. out them get couldn't they So mouths. their in fast tails gottheir they So way. long a fall to had they So sea. to out thrown got they So dance. the to lobsters the with go WOULD they `that Gryphon, the said is,' reason `The Gryphon. the to said he that,' all and reason the about her eyes.--`Tell his shut and yawned Turtle Mock the here is--' reason the and mouths; their in tails their HAVE they But sea. the in off wash all would `crumbs Turtle: Mock the said crumbs,' the about wrong `You're crumbs.' over all they're mouths--and their in tails their have `They thoughtfully. replied Alice so,' believe `I like.' they're what know you course of often, so them seen you've if `but Turtle, Mock the said be,' may Dinn where know don't `I hastily. herself checked she dinn--' at them seen often `I've Alice, said `Yes,' course?' of them, seen `they--you've Turtle, Mock the said whiting,' the to as `Oh, whiting!' the about song curious that like so do I `and last: at over was it that glad very feeling Alice, said watch,' to dance interesting very a it's you, `Thank dance?"' the join you won't you, won't you, will you, won't you, Will dance? the join you will you, won't you, will you, won't you, Will dance. the join and come but snail, beloved pale, not turn Then France-- to is nearer the England from off further The side. other the upon know, you shore, another is "There replied. friend scaly his go?" we far how it matters `"What dance. the join not could not, could not, would not, could not, Would dance. the join not would not, could not, would not, could not, Would dance. the join not would he but kindly, whiting the thanked Saidhe askance-- look a gave and far!" too far, "Too replied snail the But sea!" to out lobsters, the with us, throw and up us take they When be will it delightful how notion no have really can "You dance? the join you won't you, won't you, will you, won't you, Will dance? the join you will you, won't you, will you, won't you, Will dance? the join and come you shingle--will the on waiting are They advance! all turtles the and lobsters the eagerly how See tail. my on treading he's and us, behind close porpoise a "There's snail. a to whiting a said faster?" little a walk you `"Will sadly:-- and slowly very this, sang Turtle Mock the while time, the mark to forepaws their waving and close, too passed they when toes her on treading then and now every Alice, round and round dancing solemnly began they So words.' the forgotten `I've Gryphon. the said sing,' YOU `Oh, sing?' shall Which know. you lobsters, without do can `We Gryphon. the to Turtle Mock the said figure!' first the try let's `Come, Alice. said indeed,' much `Very Turtle. Mock the said it?' of little a see to like you `Would timidly. Alice said dance,' pretty very a be must `It Alice. at looked and quietly, and sadly very again down sat time, this all things mad like about jumping been had who creatures, two the and voice; his dropping suddenly Turtle, Mock the said figure,' first the all that's and again, land to `Back voice. its of top the at Gryphon the again!'yelled lobsters `Change about. wildly capering Turtle, Mock the cried sea!' the in somersault a `Turn Gryphon. the screamed them!' after `Swim can--' you as sea to out far `--as air. the into bound a with Gryphon, the shouted lobsters!' `The the--' throw `you on, went Turtle Mock the know,' `Then,you Gryphon. continuedthe order,' same in retire lobsters,and `--change partners--' to set twice, `advance said: Turtle Mock the course,' `Of Gryphon. the cried partner!' a as lobster a with `Each twice--' advance `--you Gryphon. the interrupted time,' some takes generally `THAT way--' the of out jelly-fish the all cleared you've when then, on; so and salmon, turtles, `Seals, Turtle. Mock the cried lines!' `Two sea-shore--' the along line a into form first `you Gryphon, the said `Why,' it?' is dance a of sort `What Alice. said indeed,' `No, is!' Quadrille Lobster a thing delightful a what idea no have can you `--so never') `No, said and hastily, herself checked but tasted--' once `I say to began (Alice lobster--' a to introduced even never were you perhaps `and Alice)-- said haven't,' (`I sea--' the under much lived have not may `You again:-- on went he cheeks, his down running tears with and, voice, his recovered Turtle Mock the last At back. the in him punching and him shaking work to set it and Gryphon: the said throat,' his in bone a had he if as `Same voice. his choked sobs two or minute a for but speak, to tried and Alice, at looked He eyes. his across flapper one of back the drew and deeply, sighed Turtle Mock The Quadrille Lobster The X CHAPTER now.' games the about something her `tell tone: decided very a in interrupted Gryphon the lessons,' about enough `That's eagerly. on went Alice twelfth?' the on manage you did how `And Turtle. Mock the said was,' it course `Of holiday?' a been have must day eleventh the `Then remark. next her made she before little a over it thought she and Alice, to idea new a quite was This day.' to day from lessen they `because remarked: Gryphon the lessons,' called they're reason the `That's Alice. exclaimed plan!' curious a `What on.' so and next, the `nine Turtle: Mock the said day,' first the hours `Ten subject. the change to hurry a in Alice, said lessons?' do you did day a hours many how `And paws. their in faces their hid creatures both and turn; his in sighing Gryphon, the said did,' he so did, he `So say.' to used they Grief, and Laughing taught `he sigh: a with said Turtle Mock the him,' to went never `I was.' HE crab, old an was He though. master, Classics the to went `I Gryphon: the said time,' `Hadn't it.' learnt never Gryphon the And stiff. too `I'm said: Turtle Mock the myself,' you it show can't I `Well, Alice. said like?' THAT was `What Coils.' in Fainting and Stretching, Drawling, us taught HE week: a once come to used that conger-eel, old an was Drawling-master Drawling--the then Seaography: with modern, and ancient `--Mystery, flappers, his on subjects the off counting replied, Turtle Mock the Mystery,' was there `Well, learn?' to you had else `What said and Turtle, Mock the to turned she so it, about questions more any ask to encouraged feel not did Alice simpleton.' a ARE you is, uglify to what know don't you `if on, went Gryphon the then,' `Well, means--to--make--anything--prettier.' `it doubtfully: Alice said `Yes,' suppose?' I is, beautify to what know `You exclaimed. it uglifying!' of heard Never `What! surprise. pawsin its both up lifted Gryphon The it?' is `What say. to ventured Alice "Uglification,"' of heard never Derision.'`I and Uglification, Distraction, Ambition, Arithmetic-- of branches different the then `and replied; Turtle Mock the with,' begin to course, of Writhing, `Reelingand Alice. inquired wasthat?' `What regularcourse.' the took `Ionly sigh. a Turtlewith Mock the it.'said learn couldn'taffordto `I sea.' the of bottom the at `living Alice; said much,' it wanted have couldn't `You WASHING--extra."' AND music, "French, bill, the of end the at had they OURS at `Now relief. great of tone a in Turtle Mock the said school,' good really a wasn't yours then `Ah! indignantly. Alice said not!' `Certainly Turtle. Mock the said washing?' `And music.' and French learned `we Alice, said `Yes,' anxiously. little a Turtle Mock the asked extras?' `With that.' all as proud so be needn't `you Alice; said too,' day-school, a to been `I'VE day--' every school to went we fact, educations--in of best the had `We on. went Turtle Mock The again. speak could Alice before Gryphon, the added tongue!' your `Hold Turtle. Mock the said did,' `You Alice. interrupted didn't!' I said never `I it--' believe mayn't you though sea, the in school to went we `Yes, words: these in on went he and it!' about day all be Don't fellow! old on, `Drive Turtle, Mock the to said Gryphon the last At earth. the into sink to ready felt who Alice, poor at looked and silent sat both they then and Gryphon; the added question,' simple a such asking for yourself of ashamed be to ought `You dull!' very are you `really angrily: Turtle Mock the said us,' taught he because Tortoise him called `We asked. Alice one?' wasn't he if Tortoise, him call you did `Why Tortoise--' him call to used Turtle--we old an was master The sea. the in school to went `we then, and now little a sobbing still though calmly, more last, at on went Turtle Mock the little,' were we `When nothing. said and still sat she so come, to more be MUST there thinking help not could she but story,' interesting your for sir, you, `Thank saying, and up getting nearly very Alicewas Turtle. Mock the of sobbing heavy constant the and Gryphon, the from `Hjckrrh!' of exclamation occasional an by only broken silence, long very a by followed were words These Turtle.' real a was `I sigh, deep a last,with at Turtle Mock the `Once,'said patiently. waited she But hedoesn'tbegin.' if finish, EVEN can he how see don't `I herself, to thought Alice minutes. some for spoke nobody and down, sat they So finished.' I've till word a speak don't and you, of both down, `sit tone: hollow deep, a in Turtle Mock the said her,' it tell `I'll do.' she history, your know to for wants `she Gryphon, the said lady,' young here `This nothing. said but tears, of full eyes large with them at looked who Turtle, Mock the to up went they So on!' Come know. you sorrow, no got hasn't he that: fancy, his all `It's before, as words same the in nearly very answered, Gryphon the and Gryphon, the asked she sorrow?' his is `What deeply. him pitied She break. would heart his if as sighing him hear could Alice nearer, came they as and, rock, of ledge little a on lonely and sad sitting distance, the in Turtle Mock the saw they before far gone not had They never!' life, my all in about ordered so was never `I it: after slowly went she as Alice, thought here,' on!" "come says `Everybody on!' Come know. you nobody, executes never they that: fancy, her all `It's Gryphon. the said SHE,' `Why, Alice. said fun?' the IS `What Alice. to half itself, to half Gryphon, the said fun!' `What chuckled. it then sight: of out was she till Queen watchedthe it itseyes:then rubbed and up sat waited.TheGryphon she savageQueen:so that after go to as it with stay to safe as quite be would it thought she whole the on but creature, the of look the like quite not did Alice Gryphon. the with alone Alice leaving off, shewalked and ordered'; have I executions some after see and back go must I history. his hear to and Turtle, Mock the see to lady young this take `and Queen, the said thing!' lazy `Up, picture.) the at look is, Gryphon a what know don't you (IF sun. the in asleep fast lying Gryphon, a upon came soon very They ordered. had Queen the executions of number the at unhappy quite felt had she for herself, to said she thing!' good a THAT'S `Come, pardoned.' all are `You generally, company the to voice, low a in say King the heard Alice together, off walked they As history,' his you tell shall he `and Queen, the said then,' on, `Come Alice. said one,' of heard or one, saw never `I saidtheQueen. from,' made is Soup Turtle Mock thing the `It's is.' Turtle Mock a what know even don't `I Alice. said `No,' yet?' Turtle Mock the seen you `Have Alice, to said and breath, of out quite off, left Queen the Then execution. of sentence under and custody in were Alice, and Queen, the King, the except players, the all and left, arches no were there so or hour an half of end the by that so this, do to arches being off leave to had course of who soldiers, the by custody into taken were sentenced she whom Those head!' her with `Off or head!' his with `Off shouting and players, other the with quarrelling off left never Queen the playing were they time the All lives. their them cost would delay moment's a that remarking merely Queen the game, the to back hurried they her, saw they moment the however, shade: the in resting were and absence, Queen's the of advantage taken had guests other The croquet-ground. the to back her followed slowly but word, a say to frightened much too was Alice and Alice; to said Queen the game,' the with on go `Let's moment. a in gone was and choice, her took Duchess The choice!' your Take time! no half about in that and off, be must head your or you `either spoke; she as ground the on stamping Queen, the shouted warning,' fair you give I `Now, voice. weak low, a in began Duchess the Majesty!' your day, fine `A thunderstorm. a like frowning folded, arms her with them, of front in Queen the stood there and up, looked Alice tremble. to began hers into linked was that arm the and `moral,' word favourite her of middle the in even away, died voice Duchess's the surprise, great Alice's to here, But m--' the and fly; to have pigs `as Duchess, the said right,' much as about `Just worried. little a feel to beginning was she for sharply, Alice said think,' to right a `I've chin. little sharp her of dig another with asked, Duchess the again?' `Thinking loud. out it say to venture not did she But that!' like presents birthday give don't they glad `I'm Alice. thought present!' of sort cheap `A yet.' as said I've everything of present a you make `I Duchess. the said trouble!' about talk don't `Oh, Alice. said that,' than longer any it say to yourself trouble don't `Pray tone. pleased a in replied, Duchess the chose,' I if say could I what to nothing `That's it.' say you itas follow quite can't I but down: written it had I `if politely, very said Alice better,' that understand should I think `I otherwise."' be to them to appeared have would been had you what than otherwise not was been have might or were you what that others to appear might whatit than otherwise tobe not yourself imagine simply--"Never more put it like you'd if be"--or to seem would you what is--"Be that of moral the `and Duchess; the said you,' with agree quite `I is.' it but one, like look doesn't It vegetable. a `it's remark, last this to attended not had who Alice, exclaimed know!' I `Oh, yours."' of is there less the mine, of is there more is--"The that of moral the And here. near mustard-mine large a `there's said; Alice that everything to agree to ready seemed who Duchess, the said is,' it course `Of Alice. said THINK,' I mineral, a `It's things!' putting of have you way clear a `what Duchess: the said usual,' as `Right, remarked. Alice bird,' a isn't mustard `Only together."' flock feather a of is--"Birds that of moral the And bite. both mustard and `flamingoes Duchess: the said true,' `Very tried. experiment the have to anxious all at feeling not replied, cautiously Alice bite,' might `HE experiment?' the try I Shall flamingo. your of temper the about doubtful I'm that is, reason `the pause: a after said Duchess the waist,' your round arm my put don't I why wondering you're say dare `I herself. to thought Alice things!' in morals finding of is she fond `How themselves."' of care take will sounds the and sense, the of care is--"Take THAT of moral the `and added, she as shoulder Alice's into chin little sharp her digging Duchess, the said thing,' same the much means It well! `Ah, ownbusiness!' their minding everybody by done it's `that whispered, Alice said,' `Somebody round!"' go world the makes that love, 'tis love, 'tis is--"Oh, that of moral the `and Duchess: the said so,' `'Tis little. a conversation the up keeping of way by said, she now,' better rather on going game's `The could. she as well as it bore she so rude, be to like not did she However, chin. sharp uncomfortably an was it and shoulder, Alice's upon chin her rest to height right the exactly was she because secondly, and ugly; VERY was Duchess the because first, her: to close so keeping like much not did Alice spoke. she as side Alice's to closer up herself squeezed she And it.' find can you only if moral, a got `Everything's Duchess. the said child!' tut, `Tut, remark. to ventured Alice one,' hasn't it `Perhaps bit.' a in it remember shall I but is, that of moral the what now just you tell can't I talk. to forget you makes that and dear, my something, about thinking `You're ear. her to close voice her heard she when startled little a was and time, this by Duchess the forgotten quite had She know--' you it, about stingy so be wouldn't they then that: knew people wish only I sweet-tempered. children make that things such and barley-sugar bitter--and--and them makes that camomile sour--and them makes that vinegar `and rule, of kind new a out found having at pleased much very on, went she hot-tempered,' people makes that pepper always it's without--Maybe well very does Soup ALL. AT kitchen my in pepper any have won't `I though), tone hopeful very a in (not herself, to said she Duchess,' a I'M `When kitchen. the in met they when savage so her made had that thepepper only was it perhaps that herself to thought and temper, pleasant a such in her find to glad very was Alice together. off walked they and Alice's, into affectionately arm her tucked she as Duchess, the said thing!' old dear you again, you see to am I glad how think can't `You Story Turtle's Mock The IX CHAPTER game. the to back went party the of rest the while it, for looking down and up wildly ran executioner the and King the so disappeared; entirely had it Duchess, the with back come had he time the by and, gone, was he moment the away fading began head Cat's The arrow. an like off went executioner the And here.' her `fetch executioner: the to said Queen the prison,' in `She's it.' about HER ask better you'd Duchess: the to belongs `It but say to else nothing of think could Alice anxious.) and grave so look party whole the made had that remark last this was (It round. all executed, everybody have she'd time no than less in it about done wasn't something if that was, argument Queen's The nonsense. talk to weren't you that and beheaded, be could head a had that anything that was, argument King's The life. of time HIS at begin to going wasn't he and before, thing a such do to had never hehad that from: off it cut to body a was there unless ahead off cut couldn't you that was, argument executioner's The said. they what exactly out make to indeed hard very it found she once, at spoke all they as though, her, to arguments their repeated they and question, the settle to three all by to appealed was she appeared, Alice moment The uncomfortable. very looked and silent, quite were rest the all while once, at talking all were who Queen, the and King, the executioner, the between on going dispute a was there it: round collected crowd large a quite find to surprised was she Cat, Cheshire the to back got she When friend. her with conversation more little a for back went and again, escape not might it that arm, her under away shetuckedit So ground.' the of side this from gone are arches the all `as Alice, thought much,' matter doesn't it `but sight: of out were hedgehogs the both and over, was fight the back, it brought and flamingo the caught had she time the By tree. a into up fly to way of sort helpless a in trying it see could Alice where garden, the of side other the to across gone was flamingo her that was, difficulty only the other: the with them of one croqueting for opportunity excellent an Alice to seemed which hedgehog, another with fight a in engaged was hedgehog The hedgehog. her of search in went she So not. or turn her was it whether knew never she that confusion such in was game the as all, at things of look the like not did she and turns, their missed having for executed be to players the of three sentence her heard already had She passion. with screaming distance, the in voice Queen's the heard she as on, going was game the how see and back, go well as might she thought Alice off. hurried he and eagerly, King the said myself,' executioner the fetch `I'll round. looking even without shesaid, head!' his with `Off small. or great difficulties, all settling of way one only had Queen The removed!' cat this have would you wish I dear! `My moment, the at passing was theQueen,who called he and decidedly, very theKing said removed,' be must `Well,it where.' remember Idon't but book, some in that read `I've Alice. said king,' a at look may cat `A spoke. he as Alice behind got He that!' like me at look don't `and King, the said beimpertinent,' `Don't remarked. Cat the not,' rather `I'd likes.' it if hand my kiss may it `however, King: the said all,' at it of look the like don't `I it.' introduce to me `allow Alice: said Cat,' Cheshire mine--a of friend a `It's curiosity. great with head Cat's the at looking and Alice, to up going King, the said to?' talking you ARE `Who on. passed and smiled Queen The game.' the finishing while worth hardly it's that win, to `--likely on, went she so listening: her, behind close was Queen the that noticed she then Just extremely--' so `she's Alice: said all,' at `Not voice. low a in Cat the said Queen?' the like you do `How coming!' mine saw it when away ran it only now, just hedgehog Queen's the croqueted have should I ground--and the of end other the at about walking next through go to got I've arch the there's instance, for alive; being things the all is it confusing how idea no you've them--and to attends nobody are, there if least, at particular; in rules any have to seem don't they speak--and oneself hear can't one dreadfully so quarrel all they `and tone, complaining a rather in began, Alice fairly,' all at play they think don't `I appeared. it of more no and sight, in now it of enough was there that think to seemed Cat The her. to listen to someone had she glad very feeling game, the of account an began and flamingo, her down put Alice then and appeared, head whole the minute ofthem.'Inanother one least at or come, have ears its `till thought, she it,' to speaking use no `It's nodded. then and appeared, eyes the till waited Alice with. speak to it for enough mouth was there as soon as Cat, the said on?' getting you are `How to.' talk to somebody have shall I now Cat: Cheshire the `It's herself to said she and grin, a be to out it made she two, or minute a it watching after but, first, at much very her puzzled it air: the in appearance curious a noticed she when seen, being without away get could she whether wondering and escape, of way some for about looking was She alive!' left one any there's that is, wonder great the here; people beheading of fond dreadfully They're me? of become would `what she, thought then,' `and minute, any happen might it that knew she but Queen, the with dispute any had yet as not had she sure, be to uneasy: very feel to began Alice minute. a in once about head!' her with `Off or head!' his with `Off shouting and about, stamping went and passion, furious a in was Queen the time short very a in and hedgehogs; the for fighting and while, the all quarrelling turns, for waiting without once at played all players The indeed. game difficult very a was it that conclusion the to came soon Alice ground, the of parts other to off walking and up getting always were soldiers doubled-up the as and, to, hedgehog the send to wanted she wherever way the in furrow or ridge a generally was there this, all besides away: crawling of act the in was and itself, unrolled had hedgehog the that find to provoking very was it again, begin to going was and down, itshead got had she andwhen laughing: out bursting help not could she that expression puzzled a such with face, her in up look and round itself twist WOULD it head, its with blow a hedgehog the give to going was and out, straightened nicely neck its got had she as just generally, but down, hanging legs its with arm, her under enough, comfortably away, tucked body its getting in succeeded she flamingo: her managing in was first at found Alice difficulty chief The arches. the make to feet, and hands their on stand to and up themselves double to had soldiers the and flamingoes, live mallets the hedgehogs, live were balls the furrows; and ridges all was it life; her in croquet-ground curious a such seen never had she thought Alice began. game the and two, or minute a in down settled got they however, other; each against up tumbling directions, all in about running began people and thunder, of voice a in Queen the shouted places!' your to `Get said--' Queen the and late, rather came she see, You you! hear will Queen `The tone. frightened a in whispered Rabbit the hush!' `Oh, laughter. of scream little a gave Alice began. Rabbit the ears--' Queen's the boxed `She for?"' "What said I pity. a all at it's think don't `I Alice: said didn't,' I `No, asked. Rabbit the pity!"?' a "What say you `Did Alice. said for?' `What execution.' of sentence under `She's whispered and ear, her to close mouth his put tiptoe, upon himself raised then and spoke, he as shoulder his over anxiously looked He tone. low,hurried a theRabbitin said Hush!' `Hush! Duchess?' the `--where's Alice: said `Very,' face. her into anxiously peeping was who Rabbit, White the by walking was She side. her at voice timid a said day!' fine very a `It's--it's next. happen would what much very wondering procession, the joined Alice and Queen, the roared then!' on, `Come Alice. shouted `Yes!' her. for meant evidently was question the as Alice, at looked and silent, were soldiers The croquet?' play you `Can Queen. the shouted right!' `That's reply. in shouted soldiers the Majesty!' your please it if gone, are heads `Their Queen. the shouted off?' heads their `Are others. the after off marched quietly then and them, for looking two, or minute a for about wandered soldiers three The near. stood that flower-pot large a into them put she and Alice, said beheaded!' be shan't `You protection. for Alice to ran who gardeners, unfortunate the execute to behind remaining soldiers the of three on, moved procession the and heads!' their with `Off roses. the examining been meanwhile had who Queen, the said see!' `I trying--' were `we spoke, he as knee one on down going tone, humble very a in Two, said Majesty,' your please it `May here?' doing been you HAVE `What on, went she rose-tree, the to turning then, And giddy.' me make `You Queen. the screamed that!' off `Leave else. everybody and children, royal the Queen, the King, the to bowing began and jumpedup, instantly gardeners three the and voice, loud shrill, a in Queen, the said up!' `Get foot. one with carefully, very so, did Knave The over!' them `Turn Knave the to said and him, from away angrily turned Queen The child!' a only is she dear: my `Consider, said timidly and arm, her upon hand his laid King The silent. was Queen the and decidedly, and loudly very Alice, said `Nonsense!' Off--' head! her with `Off screamed beast, wild a like moment a for her at glaring after and, fury, with crimson turned Queen The ofMINE.' business no `It's courage. own her at surprised Alice, said know?' I should `How children. own her of three or courtiers, or soldiers, or gardeners, were they whether tell not could she pack, the of rest the as same the was backs their on pattern the and faces, their on lying were they as see, you for, rosetree; the round lying were who gardeners three the to pointing Queen, the said THESE?' are who them!'`And of beafraid needn't I all. after cards, of pack a only herself,`Why,they're to added, she but politely; very Alice said Majesty,' your please so Alice, is name `My child?' name, your `What's on, went she Alice, to turning and, impatiently; head her tossing Queen, the said `Idiot!' reply. in smiled and bowed only who Hearts, of Knave the to it said She this?' is `Who severely said Queen the and her, at looked and stopped all they Alice, to opposite came procession the When waited. and was, she where still stood she So it?' see couldn't they that so faces, their upon down lie to all had people `if she, thought procession,' a of use the be would what besides, `and processions; at rule a such of heard having ever remember not could she but gardeners, three the like face her on down lie to not ought she whether doubtful rather was Alice HEARTS. OF QUEEN AND KING THE came procession, grand this all of last and, cushion; velvet crimson a on crown King's the carrying Hearts, of Knave the followed Then her. noticing without by went and said, was that everything at smiling manner, nervous hurried a in talking was it Rabbit: White the recognised Alice them among and Queens, and Kings mostly guests, the came Next hearts. with ornamented all were they couples: in hand, in hand along merrily jumping came dears little the and them, of ten were there children; royal the came these After did. soldiers the as two, and two walked and diamonds, with over all ornamented were these courtiers; ten the next corners: the at feet and hands their with flat, and oblong gardeners, three the like shaped all were these clubs; carrying soldiers ten came First Queen. the see to eager round, looked Alice and footsteps, many of sound a was There faces. their upon flat themselves threw instantly gardeners three the and Queen!' The Queen! `The out called garden, the across looking anxiously been had who Five, moment this At to--' comes, she afore best, our doing we're Miss, see, you So know. you off, cut heads our have all should we out, it find to was Queen the if and mistake; by in one white a put we and rose-tree, RED a been have to ought here this Miss, see, you is, fact the `Why voice, low a in began Two Two. at looked but nothing, said Seven and Five roses?' those painting are you `why timidly, little a Alice, said me,' tell you `Would bowedlow. them of all and also, round looked others the suddenly: himself checked he and them, watching stood she as Alice, upon fall to chanced eye his when things--' unjust the all of `Well, begun just had and brush, his down flung Seven onions.' of instead tulip-roots cook the bringing for was him--it tell I'll `and Five, said business!' his IS it `Yes, Seven. said Two!' business, YOUR of none `That's first. spoken had who one the said for?' `What beheaded!' be to deserved you yesterday only say Queen the heard `I Five. said talk!' not better `YOU'D others!' on blame the lay Always Five! right, `That's andsaid, up looked Seven which On myelbow.' jogged sulkytone;`Seven a in Five, said it,' help couldn't `I that!' like me over paint splashing go Don't Five! now, out `Look say, them of one heard she them to up came she as just and them, watch to nearer went she and thing, curious very a this thought Alice red. them painting busily it, at gardeners three were there but white, were it on growing roses the garden: the of entrance the near stood rose-tree large A Croquet-Ground Queen's The VIII CHAPTER fountains. cool the and flower-beds bright the among garden, beautiful the in last at herself found THEN--she and passage: little the down walked she then high: foot a about was she till pocket) her in it of piece a kept had (she mushroom the at nibbling work to went she Then garden. the into led that door the unlocking and key, golden little the taking by began and herself, to said she time,' this better manage I'll `Now, table. glass little the to close and hall, long the in herself found she more Once went. she in And once.' at in go well as may I think I today. everything'scurious `But thought. she curious!' very `That's it. into right leading door a had trees the of one that noticed she this, said she as Just life!' my all in at was ever I tea-party stupidest the `It's wood. the through way her picked she as Alice said again!' THERE go never I'll rate any `At teapot. the into Dormouse the put to trying were sawthem,they she time last the her: after call would they that hoping half twice, or once back looked she though going, her of notice least the took others the of neither and instantly, asleep fell Dormouse the off; walked and disgust, great in up got bear:she could Alice than more was rudeness of piece This Hatter. the said talk,' shouldn't you `Then think--' don't `I confused, much very Alice, said me,' ask you now `Really, muchness?' a of drawing a as thing a such see ever you muchness"--did a of "much are things say you know you muchness-- and memory, and moon, the and mouse-traps, as such M, an with begins `--that on: went and shriek, little a with again up woke it Hatter, the by pinched being on but, doze; a into off going was and time, this by eyes its closed had Dormouse The silent. was Alice Hare. March the said not?' `Why Alice. said M?' an with `Why M--' an with begins that things--everything of manner all drew they `and sleepy; very getting was it for eyes, its rubbing and yawning on, went Dormouse the draw,' to learning were `They it. interrupting without time some for on go Dormouse the let she that Alice, poor confused so answer This in.' `--well Dormouse; the said were', they course `Of remark. last this notice to choosing not Dormouse, the to said Alice well,' the IN were they `But stupid?' treacle-well--eh, a of out treacle draw could you think should I `so Hatter; the said water-well,' a of out water draw can `You from?' treacle the draw they did Where understand. don't I `But cautiously: very began she so again, Dormouse the offend to wish not did Alice plate. his into milk-jug upsetthe just Harehad March asthe before, than off worse gooddeal a was Alice and change: the from advantage any got who one only the was Hatter The Hare. March the of place the took unwillingly rather Alice and place, Dormouse's the into moved Hare March him:the followed Dormouse andthe spoke, he as on moved He on.' place one move all `let's Hatter: the interrupted cup,' clean a want `I time. this all at considering without Dormouse, the said `Treacle,' promise. her forgetting quite Alice, said draw?' they did `What know--' you draw, to learning were sisters--they little three these so `And on. go to consented he However, indignantly. Dormouse the said indeed!' `One, ONE.' be may there say dare I again. interrupt won't `I humbly; very said Alice on!' go please `No, yourself.' for story the finish better you'd civil, be can't you `If remarked, sulkily Dormouse the and sh!' `Sh! went Hare March the and Hatter the but angrily, very beginning was Alice thing!' such no `There's treacle-well.' a was `It said, then and it, about think twoto or minute a took again Dormouse The well?' a of bottom the at live they did `Why question. her repeated and Dormouse, the to turned then and bread-and-butter, and tea some to herself helped she so this: to say to what know quite not did Alice triumphantly. asked Hatter the now?' remarks personal making `Who's Alice. said opinion,' YOUR asked `Nobody nothing.' than MORE take to easy very `it's Hatter: the said LESS,' take can't you mean `You more.' take can't I `so tone, offended an in replied Alice yet,' nothing had `I've earnestly. very Alice, to said Hare March the tea,' more some `Take well?' a of bottom the at live they did why `But on: went she so much, too her puzzled it but like, be would living of ways whatsuchanextraordinary herself to fancy to tried Alice ill.' `VERY Dormouse; the said were,' they `So ill.' been have `they'd remarked; gently Alice know,' you that, done have couldn't `They two. or minute a thinking after Dormouse, the said treacle,' on lived `They drinking. and eating of questions in interest great a took always who Alice, said on?' live they did `What well--' a of bottom the at lived they and Tillie; and Lacie, Elsie, were names their `and hurry; great a in began Dormouse the sisters,' little three were there time a upon `Once done.' it's before again asleep be you'll `or Hatter, the added it,' about quick be `And Alice. pleaded do!' please `Yes, Hare. March the said story!' a us `Tell saying.' were fellows you word every heard `I voice: feeble hoarse, a in said he asleep,' wasn't `I eyes. his opened slowly Dormouse The once. at sides both on it pinched they And Dormouse!' up, `Wake cried. both they shall!' Dormouse the `Then proposal. the at alarmed rather Alice, said one,' know don't I afraid `I'm story.' a us tells lady young the vote I this. of tired getting `I'm yawning. interrupted, Hare March the subject,' the change we `Suppose ask. to ventured Alice again?' beginning the to come you when happens what `But up.' used get things the `as Hatter: the said so,' `Exactly Alice. said suppose?' I round, moving keep you `Then whiles.' between things the wash to time no we've and tea-time, always `it's sigh: a with Hatter the said it,' that's `Yes, asked. she here?' out put are tea-things many so reason the that `Is head. Alice's into came idea bright A now.' o'clock six always It's ask! I thing a do won't `he tone, mournful a in on went Hatter the that,' since ever `And Alice. exclaimed savage!' dreadfully `How head!"' his with Off time! the murdering "He's out, bawled and up jumped Queen the `when Hatter, the said verse,' first the finished hardly I'd `Well, stop. it make to it pinch to theyhad that onsolong went and twinkle--' twinkle, twinkle, `Twinkle, sleep its in singing began and itself, shook Dormouse the Here twinkle--"' Twinkle, sky. the in tea-tray a Like fly, you world the above "Up way:-- this `in continued, Hatter the know,' you on, goes `It Alice. said it,' like something heard `I've perhaps?' song, the know You at!" you're what wonder I How bat! little twinkle, "Twinkle, sing to had I and Hearts, of Queen the by given concert great the at was `--it Hare,) March the at spoon tea his with (pointing know--' you mad, went HE before March--just last quarrelled `We replied. he I!' `Not mournfully. head his shook Hatter The asked. Alice manage?' YOU way the that `Is liked.' you as long as one half-past to it keep could you `but Hatter: the said perhaps,' first, at `Not know.' you it, for hungry be shouldn't then--I `but thoughtfully: Alice said certainly,' grand, be would `That whisper.) a in itself to said Hare March the was,' it wish only (`I dinner!' for time one, Half-past twinkling! a in clock the goes round and Time, to hint a whisper to have only you'd lessons: begin to time just morning, the in o'clock nine were it suppose instance, For clock. the with liked you anything almost do he'd him, with terms good on kept only you if Now, beating. stand won't `He Hatter. the said it,' for accounts that `Ah! music.' learn I when time beat to have I know I `but replied: cautiously Alice not,' `Perhaps Time!' to spoke even never you say dare `I contemptuously. head his tossing said, Hatter the don't!' you course `Of Alice. said mean,' you what know don't `I HIM.' It's IT. wasting about talk wouldn't `you Hatter, the said do,' I as well as Time knew you `If answers.' no have that riddles asking in it waste `than said, she time,' the with better something do might you think `I wearily. sighed Alice Hare. March the said I,' `Nor Hatter. the said idea,' slightest the haven't `I answer?' the `what's replied: Alice up,' it give I `No, again. Alice to turning said, Hatter the yet?' riddle the guessed you `Have myself.' remark to going was I what just course; of course, `Of eyes, its opening without andsaid, impatiently, head its shook Dormouse The nose. its upon tea hot little a poured he and Hatter, the said again,' asleep is Dormouse `The could. she as politely as said, she you,' understand quite don't `I English. certainly was it yet and it, in meaning of sort no have to seemed remark Hatter's The puzzled. dreadfully felt Alice Hatter. the said MINE,' with case the just is `Which together.' time long a such for year same the stays it because that's `but readily: very replied Alice not,' course `Of is?' it year what you tell watch YOUR `Does Hatter. the muttered it?' should `Why is!' it o'clock what tell doesn't and month, the of day the tells `It remarked. she watch!' funny a `What curiosity. some with shoulder his over looking been had Alice know.' you butter, BEST the was `It remark, first his than say to better nothing of think could he but again: it at looked and tea, of cup his into it dipped he then gloomily: it at looked and watch the took Hare March The bread-knife.' the with in it haveput shouldn't `you grumbled: Hatter the well,' as in got have must crumbs some but `Yes, replied. meekly Hare March the butter,' BEST the was `It Hare. March the at angrily looking added he works!' the suit wouldn't butter you told `I Hatter. the sighed wrong!' `Twodays fourth.' `The thensaid and little, a considered Alice ear. his to it holding and then, and now every it shaking uneasily, it at looking was and pocket, his of out watch his taken had he Alice: to turning said, he it?' is month the of day `What silence. the break to first the was Hatter The much. wasn't which writing-desks, and ravens about remember could she all over thought Alice while minute, a for silent sat party the and dropped, conversation the here and Hatter, the said you,' with thing same the IS `It breathe"!' I when sleep "I as thing same the is sleep" I when breathe "I `that sleep, his in talking be to seemed who Dormouse, the added say,' well as just might `You like"!' I what get "I as thing same the is get" I what like "I `that Hare, March the added say,' well as just might `You see"!' I what eat "I as thing same the is eat" I what see "I that say well as just might `You Hatter. the said bit!' a thing same the `Not youknow.' thing, same the say--that's I what mean I least--atleast `at replied; hastily Alice do,' wenton.`I Hare March the mean,' you what say should you `Then Alice. said so,' `Exactly Hare. March the said it?' to answer the out find can you think you that mean you `Do aloud. added she that,' guess can I believe riddles.--I asking begun they've glad `I'm Alice. thought now!' fun some have shall we `Come, writing-desk?' a like raven a is `Why was, SAID he all but this; hearing on wide very eyes his opened Hatter The rude.' very `it's severity; some with said Alice remarks,' personal make to not learn should `You speech. first his was this and curiosity, great with time some for Alice at beenlooking had He Hatter. the said cutting,' wants hair `Your three.' than more many great a for laid `it's Alice; said table,' YOUR was it know didn't `I Hare. March the said invited,' being without down sit to you of civil very wasn't `It angrily. Alice said it,' offer to you of civil very wasn't it `Then Hare. March the said any,' isn't remarked.`There she wine,' seeany don't `I tea. but it on nothing was there but table, the round all looked Alice tone. encouraging an in said Hare March the wine,' some `Have table. the of end one at arm-chair large a in down sat she and indignantly, Alice said room!' of PLENTY `There's coming. Alice saw they when out cried they room!' No room! `No it: of corner one at together crowded all were three the but one, large a was table The mind.' doesn't it suppose I asleep, it's as `only, Alice; thought Dormouse,' the for uncomfortable `Very head. its over talking and it, on elbows their resting cushion, a as it using were two other the and asleep, fast them, between sitting was Dormouse a it: at tea having were Hatter the and Hare March the and house, the of front in tree a under out set table a was There Tea-Party Mad A VII CHAPTER instead!' Hatter the see to gone I'd wish almost I all! after mad raving be should it `Suppose herself to saying timidly, rather it towards up walked she then even high: feet two about to herself raised and mushroom, of bit lefthand the of more some nibbled had she till nearer go to like not did she that house, a large so was It fur. with thatched was roof the and ears like shaped were chimneys the because house, right the itmustbe thought she Hare: March the of house the of sight in came she before farther much gone not had She life!' my in saw ever I thing curious most the It's cat! a without grin a `but Alice; thought grin,' a without cat a seen often I've `Well! gone. had it of rest the after time some remained which grin, the with ending and tail, the of end the with beginning slowly, quite vanished it time this and Cat; the said right,' `All giddy.' quite one make you suddenly: so vanishing and appearing keep wouldn't you wish I `and Alice; replied pig,' said `I Cat. the said fig?' or pig, say you `Did tree. a of branch a on sitting again, Cat the was there and up, looked she this, said she As March.' in was it as mad so not least mad--at raving be won't it May is this as perhaps and interesting, most the much be will Hare March `the herself; to said she before,' hatters seen `I've live. to said was Hare March the which in direction the in on walked she two or minute a after and appear, not did it but again, it see to expecting half little, a waited Alice again. vanished and Cat, the said would,' it thought `I way. natural a in back come had it if as just said, quietly Alice pig,' a into turned `It ask.' to forgotten nearly `I'd Cat. baby?'saidthe the of whatbecame `By-the-bye, again. suddenlyappeared it been, had it where place the at looking was she While happening. things queer to used so getting was she this, at surprised much not was Alice vanished. and Cat, the said there,' me see `You'll yet.' invited been haven't I `but Alice, said much,' very it like should `I to-day?' Queen the with croquet play you `Do Cat. the said like,' you what it `Call Alice. said growling,' not purring, it call `I mad.' I'm Therefore angry. I'm when tail my wag and pleased, I'm when growl I Now pleased. it's when tail its wags and angry, it's when growls dog a see, `you on, went Cat the then,' `Well, Alice. said so,' suppose `I that?' grant You mad. not dog's `a Cat, the said with,' begin `To mad?' you're that know you do how `And on went she however, all; at it proved that think didn't Alice here.' come have wouldn't you `or Cat, the said be,' must `You Alice. said mad?' I'm know you do `How mad.' You're mad. I'm here. mad all `we're Cat: the said that,' help can't you `Oh, remarked. Alice people,' mad among go to want don't I `But mad.' both they're like: you either Visit Hare. March a `lives paw, other the waving direction,' THAT in and Hatter: a `lives round, paw right its waving said, Cat the direction,' THAT `In here?' about live people of sort `What question. another tried she so denied, be not could this that felt Alice enough.' long walk only you `if Cat, the said that,' do to sure you're `Oh, explanation. an as added Alice SOMEWHERE,' get I as long `--so Cat. the said go,' you way which matter doesn't it `Then Alice. said where--' care much don't `I Cat. the said to,' get to want you where on deal good a depends `That here?' togofrom ought I whichway please, me, youtell `Would wenton. she and Alice, sofar,'thought pleased it's `Come, wider. alittle grinned only it however, name: the like would it whether know all at not did she as timidly, rather began, she Puss,' `Cheshire respect. with treated be to ought it that felt she so teeth, many great a and claws long VERY had it still thought: she natured, good- looked It Alice. saw it when grinned only Cat The off. yards few a tree a of bough a on sitting Cat Cheshire the seeing by startled little a was she when them--' change to way right the knew only herself,`ifone to saying just was and pigs, as well very do might who knew, she children other over thinking began she And think.' I pig, handsome a rather makes it but child: ugly dreadfully a made have would `it herself, to said she up,' grown had it `If wood. the into quietly away trot it see to relieved quite felt and down, creature little the set she So further. it carry to her for absurd quite be would it that felt she and pig, a than less nor more neither was it it: about mistake NO be could there time This alarm. some in face its into down looked she that violently, so again, grunted it when home?' it get I when creature this with do to I am what `Now, herself, to think to beginning just was Alice silence. in while some for on went they and which), say to impossible was it grunted, (or again sobbed thing little poor The now!' Mind you. with do to more nothing have `I'll seriously, Alice, said dear,' my pig, a into turn to going you're `If tears. no were there No, tears. any were there if see to again, eyes its into looked and thought, she sobbing,' only was it perhaps `But all. at thing the of look the like not did Alice altogether baby: a for small extremely getting were eyes its also nose; real a than snout a like more much nose, turn-up VERY a had it that doubt no be could There it. with matter the was what see to face its into anxiously very looked Alice and again, grunted baby The yourself.' expressing of way proper a all at not `that's Alice; said grunt,' `Don't time). this by sneezing off left had (it reply in grunted thing little the and loud, out words last the said She behind?' it leave to murder be it wouldn't two: or day a in it kill to sure `they're Alice, thought me,' with away child this take don't I `IF air. open the into out it carried she itself,) undoing its prevent to as so foot, left and ear right its of hold tight keep then and knot, of sort a into up it twist to was (which it, nursing of way proper the out made had she as soon As it. hold to do could she as much as was it two, or minute first the for altogether, that so again, out itself straightening and up itself doubling kept and it, caught she when steam-engine a like snorting was thing little poor The Alice. thought star-fish,' a like `just directions, all in legs and arms its out held and creature, little shaped queer- a was it as difficulty, some with baby the caught Alice her. missed just it but out, went she as her after frying-pan a threw cook The room. the of out hurried she and Queen,' the with croquet play to ready get and go must `I spoke. she as her at baby the flinging Alice, to said Duchess the like!' you if bit, a it nurse may you `Here! wow!' wow! `Wow! CHORUS. pleases!' he pepperwhen The thoroughlyenjoy can he For sneezes; he when him beat I boy, my to severely speak `I words:-- the hear hardly could Alice that so, howled thing little poor the and down, and up violently baby the tossing kept she song, the of verse second the sang Duchess the While wow!' wow! `Wow! joined):-- baby the and cook the which (In CHORUS. itteases.' knows he Because annoy, to it does only He sneezes: he when him beat And boy, little your to roughly `Speak line: every of end the at shake violent a it giving and so, did she as it to lullaby of sort a singing again, child her nursing began she that with And figures!' abide could never `I Duchess; the said ME,' bother don't `Oh, I--' twelve? it is or THINK; I hours, `Twenty-four again: on went she so listening, be to not seemed and soup, the stirring busily was cook the but hint; the take to meant she if see to cook, the at anxiously rather glanced Alice head!' her off `chop Duchess, the said axes,' of `Talking axis--' its on round turn to hours twenty-four takes earth the see You night! and day the with make would it work what of think `Just knowledge. her of little a off showing of opportunity an get to glad very felt who Alice, said advantage,' an be NOT would `Which does.' it than faster deal a round go would world `the growl, hoarse a in said Duchess the business,' own their minded everybody `If off. it carried nearly very and it, by close flew saucepan large unusually an as nose'; PRECIOUS his goes there `Oh, terror. of agony an in down and up jumping Alice, cried doing!' you're what mind PLEASE `Oh, not. or it hurt blows the whether say to impossible quite was it that already, much so howling was baby the and her; hit they when even them of notice no took Duchess The dishes. and plates, saucepans, of shower a followed then first; came fire-irons --the baby the and Duchess the at reach her within everything throwing work to set once at and fire, the off soup of cauldron the took cook the one, on fix to trying was she While conversation. of subject other some introduce to well as be would it thought and remark, this of tone the like all at not did Alice fact.' a that's `and Duchess; the said much,' know don't `You conversation. a into got have to pleased quite feeling politely, very said Alice do,' that any of know don't `I do.' 'em of most `and Duchess; the said can,' all `They grin.' COULD cats that know didn't I fact, in grinned; always cats Cheshire that know didn't `I again:-- on went and courage, took she so her, to not and baby, the to addressed was it that moment another sawin she but jumped; quite Alice that violence sudden such with word last the said She Pig!' why. that's `and Duchess, the said cat,' Cheshire a `It's that?' like grins cat your `why first, speak to her for manners good was it whether sure quite not was she for timidly, little a Alice, said me,' tell you would `Please ear. to ear from grinning and hearth the on sitting was which cat alarge and cook, the were sneeze, not did that kitchen the in things only The pause. moment's a without alternately howling and sneezing was it baby, the for as and occasionally; sneezed EventheDuchess air. the in ofit much too certainly was There forsneezing. could she as well as herself, to said Alice soup!' that in pepper much too certainly `There's soup. of full be to seemed which cauldron large a stirring fire, the over leaning was cook the baby; a nursing middle, the in stool three-legged a on sitting was Duchess the other: the to end one from smoke of full was which kitchen, large a into right led door The in. went and door the opened she And idiotic!' perfectly `he's desperately: Alice said him,' to talking in use no there's `Oh, whistling. began and Footman, the said like,' you `Anything Alice. said do?' to I am what `But days.' and days for off, and `on said, he here,' sit shall `I variations. with remark, his repeating for opportunity good a this think to seemed Footman The crazy!' one drive to enough It's argue. creatures the all way `the herself, to muttered she dreadful,' really `It's so. told be to like not did Alice only doubt: no was, It know.' you question, first the `That's Footman. the said all?' at in get to you `ARE tone. louder a in again, Alice asked in?' get to I am `How happened. had nothing if as exactly tone, same the in continued Footman the maybe,' day, next `--or him. behind trees the of one against pieces to broke and nose, his grazed itjust head: Footman's atthe straight out, skimming came plate large a and opened, house the of door the moment this At tomorrow--' `till remarked, Footman the here,' sit shall `I aloud. repeated, she in?' get to I am questions.--How answer might he rate any at But head. his of top the at nearly VERY so are eyes `his herself; to said she it,' help can't he perhaps `But uncivil. decidedly thought Alice this and speaking, was he time the all sky the into up looking was He know.' you out, you let could I and knock, might you INSIDE, were you if instance, For us. between door the had we `if her, to attending without on went Footman the knocking,' your in sense some be might `There in?' get to I am `how Alice, said then,' `Please, pieces. to broken been had kettle or dish a if as crash, great a then and now every and sneezing, and howling constant within--a on going noise extraordinary most a was there certainly And you.' hear possibly could one no inside, noise a such making they're because secondly, are; you as door the of side same the on I'm because First, reasons. two for that `and Footman, the said knocking,' in use of sort no `There's knocked. and door, the to up timidly went Alice sky. the into up stupidly staring door, the near ground the on sitting was other the and gone, was Fish-Footman the out peeped next she when and her; hearing their of fear for wood the into back run to had she that this, at much so laughed Alice together. entangled got curls their and low, bowed both they Then croquet.' play to Duchess the for invitation An Queen. the `From little, a words the of order the changing only tone, solemn same the in repeated, Frog-Footman The croquet.' play to Queen fromthe invitation An Duchess. the `For tone, solemn a in saying, other, the to over handed he this and himself, as large as nearly letter, great a arm his under from producing by began Fish-Footman The listen. to wood the of out way little a crept and about, wasall it what know to curious feltvery She heads. their over all curled that hair powdered had noticed, Alice footmen, both and frog; a like eyes large and face, round a with livery, in footman another by opened was It knuckles. his with door the at loudly rapped fish)--and a him called have only,shewould face byhis judging otherwise, livery: in was he because footman himtobea considered wood--(she the of out running came livery in footman a suddenly when next, do to what wondering and house, the at looking stood she two or minute a For Pepper and Pig VI CHAPTER high. inches nine to down herself brought had she till house the near go to venture not did and again, bit righthand the at nibbling began she So wits!' their of out them frighten should I why, size: THIS them upon come to do never `it'll Alice, thought there,' lives `Whoever high. feet four about it in house little a with place, open an upon suddenly came she this, said she As wonder?' I done, be to that IS garden--how beautiful that into get to is, thing next the size: right my to back got I've However, another! to minute one from be, to going I'm what sure never I'm are! changes these all puzzling How now! done plan my half there's `Come, usual. as herself, to talking began and minutes, few a in it to used got she but first; at strange quite felt it that size, right the near anything been had she since long so was It height. usual her to down herself bringing in succeeded had she until shorter, sometimes and taller sometimes growing and other, the at then and one at first nibbling carefully, very work to set she and hands, her in mushroom of pieces the held still she that remembered she while a After it. untwist and stop to had she then and now every and branches, the among entangled getting kept neck her for could, she as well as trees the among down crouched Alice nest. its into again down settled it as tone, sulky a in Pigeon the said then!' off, be `Well, raw.' them like don't I YOURS: want shouldn't I was, I if and happens; it as eggs, for looking not I'm `but hastily; Alice said ME,' to deal good a matters `It serpent?' a or girl little a you're whether me to matter it does what and enough; well THAT know I eggs, for looking `You're adding, of opportunity the Pigeon the gave which two, or minute a for silent quite was she that Alice, to idea new a such was This say.' can I all that's serpent, of kind a they're then why do, they if `but Pigeon; the said it,' don'tbelieve `I youknow.' do, serpents as much as quite eggs eat girls little `but child; truthful very a was who Alice, said certainly,' eggs, tasted HAVE `I egg!' an tasted never you that next me telling be you'll suppose I it. denying use no there's and serpent; a You're no! No, that! as neck a such with ONE never but time, my in girls little many good a seen `I've contempt. deepest the of tone a in Pigeon the said indeed!' story likely `A day. that through gone had she changes of number the remembered she as doubtfully, rather Alice, said girl,' little a `I--I'm something!' invent to trying you're see can `I Pigeon. the said you?' WHATare `Well! `I'ma--I'ma--' Alice. said you!' tell I serpent, a NOT Serpent!'`ButI'm Ugh, sky! the from down wriggling come needs must they last, at them of free be should I thinking was I as just `and shriek, a to voice its raising Pigeon, the continued wood,' the in tree highest the taken I'd as just `And meaning. its see to beginning was who Alice, said annoyed,' been you've sorry very `I'm weeks!' three these sleep of wink a had haven't I Why, day! and night serpents for look-out the on be must I `but Pigeon; the said eggs,' the hatching enough trouble wasn't it if `As finished. had Pigeon the till more anything saying in use no was there thought she but puzzled, more and more was Alice them!' pleasing no There's serpents! those `but her; to attending without on, went Pigeon the hedges,' tried I've and banks, tried I've and trees, of roots the tried `I've Alice. said about,' talking you're what idea least the haven't `I them!' suit to seems nothing and way, every tried `I've sob, of kind a with added and tone, subdued more a in but Pigeon, the repeated again!' say I `Serpent, alone!' me `Let indignantly. Alice said serpent!' a NOT `I'm Pigeon. the screamed `Serpent!' wings. its with violently her beating was and face, her into flown had pigeon large a hurry: a in back draw her made hiss sharp a when wandering, been had she which under trees the of tops the but nothing be to found she which leaves, the among in dive to going was and zigzag, graceful a into down it curving in succeeded just had She serpent. a like direction, any in easily about bend would neck her that find to delighted was and them, to down head her get to tried she head, her upto hands her ofgetting chance no be to seemed there As leaves. green distant the among shaking little a except follow, to seemed result no but spoke, she as about them moving was She you?' see can't I it is how hands, poor my oh, And to? got shoulders my HAVE where `And Alice. said be?' stuff green that all CAN `What her. below far lay that leaves green of sea a of out stalk a like rise to seemed which neck, of length immense an was down, looked she when see, could she all found: be to nowhere were shoulders her that found she when moment, another in alarm into changed which delight, of tone a in Alice said last!' at free head's my `Come, * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * bit. lefthand the of morsel a swallow to managed and last, at it did she but mouth; her open to room hardly was there that foot, her against closely so pressed was chin Her bit. other the of some eat to once at work to set she so rapidly; shrinking was she as lost, be to time no was there that felt she but change, sudden very this by frightened deal good a was She foot! her struck had it chin: her underneath blow violent a felt she moment next the effect: the try to bit right-hand the of little a nibbled and herself, to said she which?' is which now `And hand. each with edge the of bit a off broke and go, would they as far as it round arms her stretched she last at However, question. difficult very a this found she round, perfectly was it as and it; sidesof two whichwerethe out make to trying minute, a for mushroom the at thoughtfully looking remained Alice sight. of out was it moment another in and aloud; it asked had she if as just Caterpillar, the said mushroom,' the `Of herself. to Alice thought WHAT?' of side other The WHAT? of side `One shorter.' grow you make will side other the and taller, grow you make will side `One went, it as remarking merely grass, the in away crawled and mushroom, the off down got it Then itself. shook and twice, or once yawned and mouth its of out hookah the took Caterpillar the two or minute a In again. speak to chose it until patiently waited Alice time This again. smoking began and mouth its into hookah the put it and Caterpillar; the said time,' in it to used get `You'll offended!' easily so be wouldn't creatures the wish `I herself, of thought she And tone. piteous a in Alice poor pleaded it!' to used not I'm `But high). inches three exactly was (it spoke it as upright itself rearing angrily, Caterpillar the said heightindeed!' good avery is `It be.' to height wretched a such is inches `three Alice: said mind,' wouldn't you if sir, larger, LITTLE a be to like should I `Well, Caterpillar. the said now?' content you `Are temper. her losing was she that felt she and before, life her in contradicted much so been never had she nothing: said Alice Caterpillar. the said know,' DON'T `I know.' you often, so changing like doesn't one `only replied; hastily Alice size,' to as particular not I'm `Oh, asked. it be?' to want you do size `What speak. to first the was Caterpillar The minutes. some for silence was there and decidedly, Caterpillar the said end,' to beginning from wrong is `It altered.' got have words the of `some timidly; Alice, said afraid,' I'm right, QUITE `Not Caterpillar. the said right,' said not is `That stairs!' down you kick I'll or off, Be stuff? such to day all listen can I think you Do airs! yourself give `don't father; his Said enough,' is that and questions, three answered have `I clever?' awfully so you made What nose-- your of end the on eel an balanced you Yet ever; as steady as was eye your That suppose hardly would `one youth, the said old,' are `You life.' my of rest the lasted Has jaw, my to gave it which strength, muscular the And wife; my with case each argued And law, the to took `I father, his said youth,' my `In it?' do to manage you did how Pray beak-- the and bones the with goose, the finished you Yet suet; than tougher anything For weak too are jaws your `and youth, the said old,' are `You couple?' a you sell to me Allow box-- the shilling ointment--one this of use the By supple very limbs my all kept `I locks, grey his shook he as sage, the said youth,' my `In that?' of reason the is what Pray, door-- the at in back-somersault a turned you Yet fat; uncommonly most grown have And before, mentioned I `as youth, the said old,' are `You again.' and again it do I Why, none, have sureI perfectly I'm that now But, brain; the injure might son,`Ifearedit his to replied William Father youth,' my `In right?' is it age, your at think, you Do head-- your on stand incessantly you yet And white; very become has hair your `And said, man young the William,' Father old, are `You began:-- and hands, her folded Alice Caterpillar. the said FATHERWILLIAM,"' OLD, ARE "YOU `Repeat, voice. melancholy very a in replied Alice different!' came all it but BEE," BUSY LITTLE THE DOTH "HOW say to tried I've `Well, Caterpillar. the said things?' WHAT remember `Can't together!' minutes ten for size same the keep don't I used--and I as things remember can't `I Alice; said sir,' am, I afraid `I'm you?' do changed, you're think you `So said, and again, mouth its of out hookah the took arms, its unfolded it last at but speaking, without away puffed it minutes some For hearing. worth something her tell might it all after perhaps and do, to else nothing had she as wait, well as might she thought Alice Caterpillar. the said `No,' could. she as well as anger her down swallowing Alice, said all?' that `Is Caterpillar. the said temper,' your `Keep again. back came and turned Alice certainly: promising, sounded This say!' to important something `I've her. after called Caterpillar the back!' `Come away. turned she mind, of state unpleasant VERY a in be to seemed Caterpillar the as and reason, good any of think not could Alice as and question; puzzling another was Here Caterpillar. the said `Why?' first.' are, YOU who me tell to ought you think, `I gravely, very said, and up herself drew she and remarks, short VERY such making Caterpillar's the at irritated little a felt Alice conversation. the of beginning the to again back them brought Which YOU?' are `Who contemptuously. Caterpillar saidthe `You!' ME.' to queer very feel would it is, know I `all Alice; said different,' be may feelings your perhaps `Well, Caterpillar. the said bit,' a `Not you?' won't queer, little a it feel you'll think should I butterfly, a into that after then know--and you day, some will chrysalis--you a into turn to have you when `but Alice; said yet,' so it found haven't you perhaps `Well, Caterpillar. the said isn't,' `It confusing.' very is day a in sizes different many so being and with; begin to myself it understand can't I `for politely, very replied Alice clearly,' more it put can't I afraid `I'm Caterpillar. the said see,' don't `I see.' you myself, not I'm `because Alice, said sir' afraid, I'm MYSELF, explain can't `I yourself!' `Explain sternly. Caterpillar the said that?' by mean you do `What then.' since times several changed been have must I think I but morning, this up got I when WAS I who know I least at present-- at just sir, know, hardly `I--I shyly, rather replied, Alice conversation. a for opening encouraging an not was This Caterpillar. the said YOU?' are `Who voice. sleepy languid, a in her addressed and mouth, its of out hookah the took Caterpillar the last at silence: in time some for other each at looked Alice and Caterpillar The Caterpillar a from Advice V CHAPTER else. anything of or her of notice smallest the not taking and hookah, long a smoking quietly folded, arms its with top the on sitting was that caterpillar, large a of those met immediately eyes her and mushroom, the of edge the over peeped and tiptoe, on up herself stretched She it. of top the on was what see and look well as might she that her to occurred it it, behind and it, of sides both on and it, under looked had she when and herself; as height same the about her, near growing mushroom large a was There circumstances. the under drink or eat to thing right the like looked that anything see not did she but grass, of blades the and flowers the at her round all looked Alice what? was, certainly question great The what?' is, question great the but other; or something drink or eat to ought I suppose I managed? be to it IS see--how me Let again! up grow to got I've that forgotten nearly I'd dear! Oh it! do to size right the been only I'd if--if much, very tricks it teaching liked have should `I leaves: the of one with herself fanned and herself, rest to buttercup a against leant she as Alice, said was!' it puppy little dear a what yet `And distance. the in faint quite sounded bark puppy's the till and breath, of out and tired quite was she till ran and once, at off set she so escape; her making for opportunity good a Alice to seemed This shut. half eyes great its and mouth, its of out hanging tongue its with panting, off, way good a down sat it last at till while, the all hoarsely barking and back, way long a and time each forwards way little very a running stick, the at charges short of series a began puppy the then again; thistle the round ran feet, its under trampled be to moment every expecting and cart-horse, a with play of game a having like very was it thinking Alice, then it; of hold get to hurry its in heels over head tumbled and stick, the at rush another made puppy the side, other the on appeared she moment the and over; run being from herself keep to thistle, great a behind dodged Alice then it; worry to believe made and stick, the at rushed and delight, of yelp a with once, at feet its all off air the into jumped puppy the whereupon puppy; the to out it held and stick, of bit little a up picked she did, she what knowing Hardly coaxing. her all of spite in up her eat to likely very be would it case which in hungry, be might it that thought the at time the all frightened terribly was she but it; to whistle to hard tried she and tone, coaxing a in Alice, said thing!' little `Poor her. touch to trying paw, one out stretching feebly and eyes, round large with her at down looking was puppy enormous An hurry. great a in up look her made head her over just bark sharp little a trees, the among anxiously about peering was she while and it; about set to how idea smallest the not had she that was, difficulty only the arranged; simply and neatly very and doubt, no plan, excellent an sounded It plan.' best the be will that think I garden. lovely that into way my find to is thing second the and again; size right my to grow to `is wood, the in about wandered she as herself, to Alice said do,' to got I've thing first `The wood. thick a in safe herself found soon and could, she as hard as off ran she but appeared; she moment the Alice at rush a made all They bottle. a of out something it giving were who guinea-pigs, two by up held being middle, the in was Bill, Lizard, little poor The outside. waiting birds and animals little of crowd a quite found and house, the of out ran she door, the through get to enough small was she as soon As directly. shrinking began she that find to delighted was and cakes, the of one swallowed she So suppose.' I smaller, me make must it larger, me make possibly can't it as and size; my in change SOME make to sure `it's thought, she cakes,' these of one eat I `If head. her into came idea bright a and floor, the on lay they as cakes little into turning all were pebbles the that surprise some with noticed Alice silence. dead another produced which again!' that do not better `You'd out, shouted and herself, to said she this,' to stop a put `I'll face. the hitherin them of some and window, the at in rattling came pebbles little of shower a moment next the for doubt, to long not had she but Alice; thought WHAT?' of barrowful `A with.' begin to do, will barrowful `A say, Rabbit Aliceheardthe and again, about moving began they two, or minute a After off.' roof the take they'd sense, any had they If next! do WILL they what wonder `I herself, to thought Alice and instantly, silence dead a was There you!' at Dinah set I'll do. you `If could, she as loud as out called Alice and voice; Rabbit's the said down!' house the burn must `We others. the said fellow!' old did, you `So sky-rocket!' a like goes I up and Jack-in-the-box, a like comesatme something is, know I you--all tell to flustered too deal a I'm now--but better I'm ye; more,thank know--No hardly I `Well, Alice,) thought Bill,' (`That's voice, squeaking feeble, little a came aboutit!'Last all us you?Tell to happened What fellow? old him--Howwasit, choke now--Don't head--Brandy his up voices--`Hold of confusion another andthen silence, then hedge!' the by you him, along--`Catch voice Rabbit's the then Bill!' goes `There of chorus general a was heard she thing first The next. happen would what see to waited and kick, sharp one gave she Bill,' is `This herself to saying then, her: above close chimney the in about scrambling and scratching was) it sort what of guess couldn't (she animal little a heard she till waited and could, she as chimney the down far as foot her drew She little!' a kick can I THINK I but sure; be to narrow, is fireplace this deal: good a for place Bill's in be wouldn't I Bill! upon everything put to seem they `Shy, herself. to Alice said he?' has chimney, the down come to got Bill's So `Oh! chimney!' the down go to you're says master the Bill! down--Here, go to then!--Bill's won't, it!--ThatI do shan't!YOU I chimney?--Nay, the down go to fancy--Who's I Bill, was that?--It did who crash)--`Now, loud (a below!' Heads down! coming it's slate--Oh, loose that bear?--Mind roof the rope--Will this of hold catch Bill! Here, particular-- be don't enough; well do they'll yet--Oh! enough high half don'treach first--they together 'em tie corner--No, this at up 'em put lad!--Here, here, it fetch other--Bill! the got Bill's one; but bring to hadn't I ladder?--Why, other the `Where's words: the out made she together: talking all voices many good a of sound the and cartwheels, little of rumbling a came last at more: anything hearing without time some for waited She longer!' any here in stay to want don't I sure I'm COULD! they wish only I window, the of out me pulling for As next! do they'll what wonder `I Alice. thought be!' must there cucumber-frames of number a `What glass. broken of sounds more and shrieks, little TWO were there time This air. the in snatch another made and again, hand her out spread she last at and coward!' you you, tell I as `Do all!' at all, at honour, yer it, like don't I `Sure, as, such andthen; now hearwhispers only could Alice and this, after silence long wasa There away!' it take and go rate: any at there, business no got it's `Well, that.' all for arm an it's but honour: yer does, it `Sure, window!' whole the fills it Why, size? that one saw ever Who goose! you arm, `An `arrum.') it pronounced (He honour!' yer arm, an it's `Sure, window?' the in that what's Pat, me, tell `Now glass.) broken more of (Sounds THIS!' of out me help and Come `Here! angrily. Rabbit the said indeed!' apples, for `Digging honour!' yer apples, for Digging here! I'm then `Sure before, heard never had she voice a then And you?' are Where Pat! Rabbit's--`Pat! voice--the angry an came Next sort. the of something or cucumber-frame, a into fallen had it possible just was it that concluded she which from glass, broken of crash a and fall, a and shriek little a heard she but anything, of hold get not did She air. the in snatch a made and hand, her out spread suddenly she window, the under just Rabbit the heard she fancied she till waiting after and, Alice, thought won't' you `THAT window.' the at in get and round go I'll `Then itself to say it heard Alice failure. a proved attempt that it, against hard pressed was elbow Alice's and inwards, opened door the as but, it; open to tried and door, the to up came Rabbit the Presently it. of afraid be to reason no had and Rabbit, the as large as times thousand a about now was she that forgetting quite house, the shook she till trembled she and her, for look to coming Rabbit the was it knew Alice stairs. onthe feet of pattering little a came Then moment!' this gloves my me `Fetch voice. the said Ann!' Mary Ann! `Mary listen. to stopped and outside, voice a heard she minutes few a after but altogether; it of conversation a quite making and other, the then and side one first taking on, went she so And lesson-books!' any for all at room no and YOU, for room hardly there's Why, here? in lessons learn you can `How herself. answered she Alice!' foolish you `Oh, THAT!' like shouldn't I Oh, learn! to lessons have to then--always but woman-- old an be to way--never one comfort, a be That'll now? am I than older any get NEVER I `shall Alice, thought then,' `But HERE.' more any up grow to room no there's least `at tone; sorrowful a in added she now,' up grown I'm one--but write I'll up, grow I when And ought! there that me, about written book a be to ought There one! of middle the in am I here now and happened, never thing of kind that fancied I fairy-tales, read to used I When me! to happened have CAN what wonder do I life! of sort this know, you curious, rather yet--it's yet--and rabbit-hole--and that down gone hadn't I wish almost I rabbits. and mice by about ordered being and smaller, and larger growing always wasn't one `when Alice, poor thought home,' at pleasanter much was `It unhappy. felt she wonder no again, room the of out getting ever her of chance of sort no be to seemed there as and, uncomfortable, very was it still larger: no grew she and effect, full its had now had bottle magic little the Alice, for Luckily me?' of become WILL What happens. whatever more, no do can I `Now herself to said and chimney, the up foot one and window, the of out arm one put she resource, last a as and, growing, on went Stillshe head. her curledround arm other the and door, the against elbow one with down lying of effect the tried she and this, for room even not was minutethere another in floor: the on down kneel to had soon very and growing, and growing, on went She that! wish to late too was it Alas! much!' so quite drunk hadn't I wish do door--I the at out get can't I is, it more--As any grow shan't I hope enough--I quite `That's herself to saying bottle, the down put hastily She broken. being from neck her save to stoop to had and ceiling, the against pressing head her found she bottle, the half drunk had she before expected: had she than sooner much and indeed, so did It thing!' little tiny a such being of tired quite I'm really for again, large grow me make it'll hope do I does. bottle this what see just I'll so anything; drink or eat I `whenever herself, to said she happen,' to sure is interesting SOMETHING know `I lips. her to it put and it uncorked she nevertheless but ME,' `DRINK words the with time this label no was There glass. looking- the near stood that bottle little a upon fell eye her when room, the leave to going just was and gloves, the of pair a and fan the up took she gloves: kid white tiny of pairs three or two and fan a hoped) had she (as it on and window, the in table a with room little tidy a into way her found had she time this By that!' like about people ordering began it if house the in stop Dinah let they'd `that on, went Alice think,' don't I Only out." get doesn't mouse the that see to got I've But nurse! minute, a in "Coming walk!" your for ready get and directly, here Come Alice! `"Miss happen: would that thing of sort the fancying began she And next!' messages on me sending be Dinah'll suppose I rabbit! a for messages going be `to herself, to said Alice seems,' it queer `How gloves. and fan the found had she before house the of out turned be and Ann, Mary real the meet should she lest fear great in upstairs, hurried and knocking, without in went She it. upon engraved RABBIT' `W. name the with plate brass bright a was which of door the on house, little neat a upon came she this, said she As them.' find can I if is, gloves--that and fan his him take better I'd But am! I who out finds he when be he'll surprised `How ran. she as herself to said she housemaid,' his for me took `He made. had it themistake explain to trying without to, pointed it direction the in offatonce ran she that frightened much so was Alice And now!' Quick, fan! a and gloves of pair a me fetch and moment, this home Run here? out doing you ARE what Ann, Mary `Why, tone, angry an in her to out called and about, hunting went she as Alice, noticed Rabbit the soon Very completely. vanished had door, little the and table glass the with hall, great the and pool, the in swim her since changed have to seemed seen--everything be to nowhere were they but them, for about hunting began good-naturedly very she and gloves, kid white of pair the and fan the for looking was it that moment a in guessed Alice wonder?' I them, dropped have I CAN Where ferrets! are ferrets as sure as executed, me get She'll whiskers! furand my paws!Oh dear Ohmy Duchess! The Duchess! `The itself to muttering it heard she and something; lost had it if as went, it as about anxiously looking and again, back slowly trotting Rabbit, White the was It Bill Little a in Sends Rabbit The IV CHAPTER story. his finish to back coming was and mind, his changed had Mouse the that hoping half eagerly, up looked she and distance, the in footsteps of pattering little a heard again she however, while, little a In low-spirited. and lonely very felt she for again, cry to began Alice poor here And more!' any you see ever shall I if wonder I Dinah! dear my Oh, world! the in cat best the she's sure I'm and here, down her, like to seems `Nobody tone. melancholy a in herself to said she Dinah!' mentioned hadn't I wish `I alone. left soon was Alice and off, moved all they pretexts various On bed!' in all were you time high It's dears! my away, `Come children, its to voice trembling a in out called Canary a and throat!' my suit doesn't night-air the home; getting be must really `I remarking, carefully, very up itself wrapping began Magpie old one once: at off hurried birds the of Some party. the among sensation remarkable a caused speech This it!' at look as soon as bird little a eat she'll Why, birds! the after her see could you wish I oh, And think! can't you mice catching for one capital a such she's And cat. our `Dinah's pet: her about talk to ready always was she for eagerly, replied Alice Lory. the said question?' the ask to venture might I if Dinah, is who `And back!' it fetch soon `She'd particular. in nobody addressing aloud, Alice said do!' I know I here, Dinah our had I wish `I oyster!' an of patience the try to enough `You're snappishly. little a Crab, young the said Ma!' tongue, your `Hold temper!' YOUR lose to never you to lesson a be this Let dear! my `Ah, daughter her to saying of opportunity the took Crab old an and sight; of out quite was it as soon as Lory, the sighed stay!' wouldn't it pity a `What quicker. little a walked and impatiently, head its shook only Mouse the but do!' please `Yes, chorus, in joined all others the and it; after called Alice story!' your finish comebackand `Please reply. in growled only Mouse The know!' you offended, easily so you're `But Alice. poor pleaded it!' mean didn't `I nonsense!' such talking by me insult `You away. walking and up getting Mouse, the said sort,' the of nothing do shall `I it!' undo to help me let do `Oh, her. about anxiously looking and useful, herself make to ready always Alice, said knot!' `A angrily. very and sharply Mouse, the cried NOT!' had `I think?' I bend, fifth the to got had `you humbly: very Alice said pardon,' your beg `I of?' thinking you are `What severely. Alice to Mouse the said attending!' not are `You death."' to you condemn and cause, whole the try "I'll Fury: old cunning Said jury," be I'll judge, be "I'll breath." our wasting be would judge, or jury no With Sir, dear trial, a "Such cur, the to mouse the Said do." to nothing I've morning this really For trial: a have must We denial; no take I'll --Come, YOU. willprosecute I law: to go usboth "Let house, the in met he mouse,That a to `Furysaid this:-- somethinglike was tale ofthe idea her that so Mousewasspeaking, the while it about puzzling on kept she And sad?' it call you do why `but tail; Mouse's the at wonder with down looking Alice, said certainly,' tail, long a IS `It sighing. and Alice, to turning Mouse, the said tale!' sad a and long a is `Mine again. offended be would it that afraid half whisper, a in added she D,' and hate--C you is it why `and Alice, said know,' you history, your me tell to promised `You more. something them tell to Mouse the begged ring,and a in again down sat andthey last, at over was it However, back. the on patted be to had and choked ones small the and theirs, taste not could they that complained birds large the as confusion, and noise some caused this comfits: the eat to was thing next The could. she as solemn as looking thimble, the took and bowed, simply she say, to anything of think not could she as and, laugh; to dare not did she that grave so looked all they but absurd, very thing whole the thought Alice cheered. all they speech, short this finished had it when and, thimble'; elegant this of acceptance your beg `We saying thimble, the presented solemnly Dodo the while more, once her round crowded all they Then Dodo. the said here,' over it `Hand sadly. Alice said thimble,' a `Only Alice. to turning on, went he pocket?' your in got you have else `What gravely. very replied Dodo the course,' `Of Mouse. the said know,' you herself, prize a have must she `But round. all a-piece one exactly was There prizes. as round them handed and it), into got not had water salt the (luckily comfits, of box a out pulled and pocket, her in hand her put she despair in and do, to what idea no had Alice Prizes!' `Prizes! way, confused a in out calling her, round crowded once at party whole the and finger; one with Alice to pointing Dodo, the said course,' of SHE, `Why, asked. voices of chorus a quite prizes?' the give to is who `But prizes.' have must all and won, has `EVERYBODY said, Dodo the last At silence. in waited rest the while him), of pictures the in Shakespeare, see usually you which in position (the forehead its upon pressed finger one with time long a for sat it and thought, of deal great a without answer not could Dodo the question This won?' has who `But asking, and panting, it, round crowded all they and over!' is race `The out called suddenly Dodo the again, dry quite were and so, or hour an half running been had they when However, over. was race the when know to easy not was it that so liked, they when off left and liked, they when running began they but away,' and three, two, `One, no was There there. and here course, the along placed were party the all then and said,) it matter,' doesn't shape exact (`the circle, of sort a in race-course, a out marked it First it.) managed Dodo the how you tell will I day, winter some yourself, thing the try to like might you as (And, it.' do to is it explain to way best `the Dodo, the said `Why,' anything. say to inclined seemed else one no and speak, to ought SOMEBODY that thought it if as paused had Dodo the but know, to much wanted she that not Alice; said Caucus-race?' a IS `What Caucus-race.' a be would dry us get to thing best the that `was, tone, offended an in Dodo the said say,' to going Iwas `What audibly. tittered birds other the of some smile: a hide to head its down bent Eaglet the And either!' do you believe don't I more, what's and, words, long those half of meaning the know don't `I Eaglet. the said English!' `Speak remedies--' energetic more of adoption immediate the for adjourn, meeting the that move `I feet, its to rising solemnly, Dodo the said case,' that `In all.' at me dry to seem doesn't `it tone: melancholy a in Alice said ever,' as wet `As spoke. it as Alice to turning continued, it dear?' my now, on getting you are How Normans--" his of insolence the But moderate. was first at conduct William's crown. the him offer and William meet to Atheling Edgar with go to advisable it `"--found on, went hurriedly but question, this notice not did Mouse The find?' archbishop the did what is, question The worm. a or frog a generally `it's Duck: the said thing,' a find I when enough, well means "it" what know `I means.' "it" what know you course `of crossly: rather replied Mouse the IT,' `Found Duck. the said WHAT?' `Found advisable--"' it found Canterbury, of archbishop patriotic the Stigand, even and him: for declared Northumbria, and Mercia of earls the Morcar, and "Edwin proceed. `--I Mouse. the said did,' you thought `I hastily. Lory the said I!' `Not speak?' you `Did politely: very but frowning, Mouse, the said pardon!' your beg `I shiver. a with Lory, the said `Ugh!' Northumbria--"' and Mercia of earls the Morcar, and Edwin conquest. and usurpation to accustomed much late of been had and leaders, wanted who English, the by to submitted soon was pope, the by favoured was cause whose Conqueror, the "William please! you if round, all Silence know. I thing driest the is This ready? all you `are air, important an with Mouse the said `Ahem!' soon. very dry get not did she if cold bad a catch would she sure felt she for it, on fixed anxiously eyes her kept Alice middle. the in Mouse the with ring, large a in once, at down sat all They enough!' dry you make soon I'LL me! to listen and you, of all down, `Sit out, called them, among authority of person a be to seemed who Mouse, the last At said. be to more no was there age, its tell to refused positively Lory the as and, was, it old how knowing without allow not would Alice this and better'; know must and you, than older am `I say, only would and sulky, turned last at who Lory, the with argument long a quite had she Indeed, life. her all them known had she if as them, with familiarly talking herself find to Alice to natural quite seemed it minutes few a after and this, about consultation a had they again: dry get to how was, course of question first The uncomfortable. and cross, wet, dripping all and them, to close clinging fur their with animals the feathers, draggled with birds bank--the the on assembled that party queer-looking a indeed were They Tale Long a and Caucus-Race A III CHAPTER shore. the to swam party whole the and way, the led Alice creatures. curious other several and Eaglet, an and Lory a Dodo, a and Duck a were there it: into fallen had that animals and birds the with crowded quite getting was pool the for go, to time high was It dogs.' and cats hate I is it why understand you'll and history, my you tell I'll then and shore, the to get us `Let voice, trembling alow in said it and thought), Alice passion, (with pale quite was face its her: to back slowly swam turnedroundand it heardthis, Mouse the When them!' like don't you if either, dogs or cats about talk won't we and again, back come Do dear! `Mouse it, after softly called she So went. it as pool the commotionin a quite making and go, could it as hard as her from away swimming was Mouse the For again!' it offended I've afraid tone,`I'm sorrowful a in Alice dear!'cried and--oh rats the all kills it says He pounds! hundred a worth it's useful, so it's says he and know, you farmer, a to belongs it them--and of half remember can't things--I of sorts all and dinner, its for beg and up sit it'll and them, throw you when things fetch it'll And hair! brown curly long such oh, with know, you terrier, bright-eyed little A you! show to like should I house our near dog little nice a such is `There eagerly: on went Alice so answer, not did Mouse The dogs?' fond--of--of you you--are `Are conversation. of subject the change to hurry great a in Alice, said indeed!' won't `I again!' name the hear me let Don't things! vulgar low, nasty, cats: HATED always family Our subject! a such on talk would I if `As tail. his of end the to down trembling was who Mouse, the cried indeed!' `We not.' rather you'd if more any her about talk won't `We offended. really be must it certain felt she and over, all bristling was Mouse the time this for again, Alice cried pardon!' your beg I mice--oh, catching for one capital a such she's nurse--and to thing soft nice a such is she face--and her washing and paws her licking fire, the by nicely so purring sits she `and pool, the in about lazily swam she as herself, to half on, went Alice thing,' quiet dear a such is She her. see only could you if cats to fancy a take you'd think I Dinah: cat our you show could I wish I yet And it. about angry be `don't tone: soothing a in Alice said not,' perhaps `Well, me?' were you if cats like YOU `Would voice. passionate shrill, a in Mouse, the cried cats!' like `Not cats.' like didn't you forgot quite `I feelings. animal's poor the hurt had she that afraid hastily, Alice cried pardon!' your beg I `Oh, fright. with over all quiver to seemed and water, the of out leap sudden a gave Mouse The lesson-book. French her in sentence first the was which chatte?' ma est `Ou again: began she So happened.) had anything ago long how notion clear very no had Alice history, of knowledge her all with (For, Conqueror.' the William with over come mouse, French a it's daresay `I Alice; thought English,' understand doesn't it `Perhaps nothing. said it but eyes, little its of one with wink to her to seemed and inquisitively, rather her at looked Mouse The mouse!') mouse--O mouse--a a mouse--to a mouse--of `A Grammar, Latin brother's her in seen having remembered she but before, thing a such done never had she mouse: a to speaking of way right the be must this thought (Alice Mouse!' O here, about swimming of tired very am I pool? this of out way the know you do Mouse, `O began: she So trying.' in harm no there's rate, any at talk: can it likely very think should I that here, down out-of-the-way so is Everything mouse? this to speak `to Alice, thought now,' use, any beof it `Would herself. like in slipped had that mouse a only was it that out made soon she and now, was she small how remembered she then but hippopotamus, or walrus a be must it thought she first at was: it what out make to nearer swam she and off, way little a pool the in about splashing something heard she then Just to-day.' queer is everything However, sure! be to thing, queer a be WILL That tears! own my in drowned being by suppose, I now, it for punished be shall `I out. way her find to trying about, swam she as Alice, said much!' so cried hadn't I wish `I high. feet nine was she when wept had she which tears of pool the in was she that out made soon she However, station.) railway a them behind and houses, lodging of row a then spades, wooden with sand the in digging children sea,some the in machines bathing of number a find you coast English the on to go you wherever that conclusion, general the to come had and life, her in once seaside the to been had (Alice herself. to said she railway,' by cangoback I case that in `and thesea, into fallen hadsomehow she that was idea first Her water. salt in chin her to up was she splash! moment, another in and slipped, foot her words these said she As is!' it that bad, too it's declare I And never! before, this as small so was never I `for child, poor the thought ever,' than worse are things `and before, as table glass the on lying was key golden little the and again, shut was door little the alas! but, door: little the to back speed all with ran she and garden!' the for now `and existence; in still herself find to glad very but change, sudden the at frightened deal good a Alice, said escape!' narrow a WAS `That altogether. away shrinking avoid to time in just hastily, it dropped she and holding, was she fan the was this of cause the that out found soon she rapidly: shrinking on going was and high, feet two about now was she guess, could she as nearly as that, found and it, by herself measure to table the to went and up got She again.' small growing be must `I thought. she that?' done have I CAN `How talking. was she while gloves kid white little Rabbit's the of one on put had she that see to surprised was and hands, her at down looked she this said she As here!' alone all being of tired VERY so am I down! heads puttheir WOULD they wish do `I tears, of burst sudden a with Alice, cried dear!' oh else"--but, somebody I'm till here down stay I'll not, if up: come I'll person, that being like I if then, and first, that me Tell then? I am "Who say and up look only shall I dear!" again, up "Come saying and down heads their putting their use no be It'll here! down stay I'll Mabel, I'm if it; about mind my up made I've No, learn! to lessons many so ever oh! and with, play to toys no to next have and house, little poky that in live and go to have shall I and all, after Mabel be must `I on, went she as again tears with filled eyes her and Alice, poor said words,' right the not are those sure `I'm jaws!' smiling gently With in fishes welcomelittle And claws, his neatlyspread How grin, to seems he `Howcheerfully scale! golden every On Nile the of waters the pour And tail, shining his Improve crocodile little the doth `How do:-- to used they as same the come not did words the and strange, and hoarse sounded voice her but it, repeat to began and lessons, saying were she if as lap her on hands her crossed she and little--"' the doth "How say and try I'll Mabel! for changed been have must I certain! I'm wrong, all THAT'S Rome--no, and Rome, of capital the is Paris and Paris, of capital the is London Geography. try let's signify: doesn't Table Multiplication the However, rate! that at twenty to get never shall I dear! is--oh seven times four and thirteen, is six times four and twelve, is five times four see: me Let know. to used I things the all know I if try I'll is! all it puzzling how dear, and--oh I, I'm and she, SHE'S Besides, little! very a such knows she oh! she, and things, of sorts all know I for Mabel, be can't I sure I'm and all; at ringlets in go doesn't mine and ringlets, long such in goes hair her `for said, Ada,'she not I'm sure `I'm them. of any for changed been couldhave she if see to herself, as age same the of were that knew she children the all over thinking began she And puzzle!' great the THAT'S Ah, I? am world the in Who is, question next the same, the not I'm if But different. little a feeling remember can I think almost I morning? this up got I when same the I was think: me Let night? the in changed been I've if wonder I usual. as just on went things yesterday And to-day! is everything queer How dear! `Dear, talking: on went she time the all herself fanning kept she hot, very was hall the as and, gloves, and fan the up took Alice go. could he as hard as darkness the into away skurried and fan, the and gloves kid white the dropped violently, started Rabbit The sir--' please, you `If voice, timid low, a in began, she her, near came Rabbit the when so, one; any of help ask to ready was she that desperate so felt Alice waiting!' her kept I've if savage be she won't Oh! Duchess! the Duchess, the `Oh! came, he as himself to muttering hurry, great a in along trotting came he other: the in fan large a and hand one in gloves kid white of pair a with dressed, splendidly returning, Rabbit White the was It coming. was what see to eyes her dried hastily she and distance, the in feet of pattering little a heard she time a After hall. the down half reaching and deep inches four about her, round all pool large a was there until tears, of gallons shedding same, the all on went she But you!' tell I moment, this Stop way! this in crying on go `to this), say well might (she you,' like girl great `a Alice, said yourself,' of ashamed be to ought `You again. cry to began and down sat she ever: than hopeless more was through get to but eye; one with garden the into through look to side, one on down lying do, could she as much as was It Alice! Poor door. garden the to off hurried and key golden little the up took once at she and high, feet nine than more now was she fact in hall: the of roof the against struck head her then Just talking!' I'm nonsense what dear, Oh LOVE). ALICE'S (WITH FENDER, THE NEAR HEARTHRUG, ESQ. FOOT, RIGHT ALICE'S look! will directions the odd how And feet! own one's to presents sending seem, it'll funny how `and thought; she carrier,' the by go must `They it. manage would she how herself to planning on went she And Christmas.' every boots of pair new a them give I'll see: me Let go! to want I way the walk won't they perhaps `or Alice, thought them,' to kind be must I --but can; you way best the manage must you you: about myself trouble to off far too deal great a be shall I able! be shan't _I_ sure I'm dears? now, you for stockings and shoes your on put will who wonder I feet, little poor my `Oh, off). far so getting were they sight, of out almost be to seemed they feet, her at down looked she when (for feet!' Good-bye, was! ever that telescope largest the like out opening I'm `now English); good speak to how forgot quite she moment the for that surprised, much so was (she Alice cried curiouser!' and `Curiouser Tears of Pool The II CHAPTER * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * cake. the off finished soon very and work, to set she So way. common the in on go to life for stupid and dull quite seemed it that happen, to things out-of-the-way but nothing expecting of way the into much so got had Alice but cake, eats one when happens generally this sure, be to size: same the remained she that find to surprised quite was she and growing, was it way which feel to head her of top the on hand her holding way?', Which way? `Which herself, to anxiously said and bit, little a ate She happens!' which care don't I and garden, the into get I'll way either so door; the under creep can I smaller, grow makesme it if and key; the reach can I larger, grow me makes it if `and Alice, said it,' eat I'll `Well, currants. in marked beautifully were ME' `EAT words the which on cake, small very a it in found and it, opened she table: the under lying was that box glass little a on fell eye her Soon person!' respectable ONE make to left me of enough hardly there's Why, people! two be to pretend `to Alice, poor thought now,' use no it's `But people. two be to pretending of fond very was child curious this for herself, against playing was she croquet of game a in herself cheated having for ears own her box to trying remembered she once and eyes; her into tears bring to as severely so herself scolded she sometimes and it), followed seldom very she (though advice, good very herself gave generally She minute!' this off leave to you advise `I sharply; rather herself, to Alice said that!' like crying in use no there's `Come, cried. and down sat thing little poor the trying, with out herself tired had she when and slippery; too was it but table, the of legs the of one up climb to best her tried she and glass, the through plainly quite it see could she it: reach possibly not could she found she it, for table the to back went she when and key, golden little the forgotten had she found she door, the to got she when Alice! poor for alas but, once; at garden the into going on decided she happened, more nothing that finding while, a After thing. a such seen having ever remember not could she for out, blown is candle the after like is candle a of flame the what fancy to tried she And then?' like be should I what wonder I candle. a like altogether, out going my `in herself, to Alice said know,' you end, might it `for this; about nervous little a felt she further: any shrink to going was she if see to minutes few a for waited she however, First, garden. lovely that into door little the through going for size right the now was she that thought the at up brightened face her and high, inches ten only now was she indeed: was it so And telescope.' a like up shutting be must `I Alice; said feeling!' curious a `What * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * off. it finished soon very she toast,) buttered hot and toffee, turkey, roast pine-apple, custard, cherry-tart, of flavour mixed of sort a fact, in had, (it nice, very it finding and it, taste to ventured Alice so `poison,' marked NOT was bottle this However, later. or sooner you, with disagree to certain almost is it `poison,' marked bottle a from much drink you if that, forgotten never had she and bleeds; usually it knife, a with deeply VERY finger your cut you if that and long; too it hold you if you burn will poker red-hot a that as, such them: taught had friends their rules simple the remember not WOULD they because all things, unpleasant other and beasts wild by up eaten and burnt, got had who children about histories little nice several read had she for not'; or "poison" marked it's whether see `and said, she first,' look I'll `No, hurry. a in THAT do to going not was Alice little wise the but me,' `Drink say to well very all was It letters. large in it on printed beautifully ME' `DRINK words the with label, paper a was bottle the of neck the round and Alice,) said before,' here not was certainly (`which it, on bottle little a found she time this telescopes: like up people shutting for rules of book a rate any at or it, on key another find might she hoping half table, the to back went she so door, little the by waiting in use no be to seemed There impossible. really were indeed things few very that think to begun had Alice that lately, happened had things out-of-the-way many so see, you For, begin.' to how know only I if could, I think I telescope! a like up shut could I wish I how Oh, shoulders. my without use little very of be would `it Alice, poor thought through,' go would head my if even `and doorway; the though head her get even not could she but fountains, cool those and flowers bright of beds those among about wander and hall, dark that of out get to longed she How saw. ever you garden loveliest the into passage the along looked and down knelt she rat-hole: a than larger much not passage, small a into led it that found and door the opened Alice fitted! it delight great her to and lock, the in key golden little the tried she high: inches fifteen about door little a was it behind and before, noticed not had she curtain low a upon came she round, time second the on However, them. of any open not would it rate any at but small, too was key the or large, too were locks the either alas! but, hall; the of doors the of one to belong might it that was thought first Alice's and key, golden tiny a except it on nothing was there glass; solid of made all table, three-legged little a upon came she Suddenly again. out get to ever was she how wondering middle, the down sadly walked she door, every trying other, the up and side one down way the all been had Alice when and locked; all were they but hall, the round all doors were There roof. the from hanging lamps of row a by up lit was which hall, low long, a in herself found she seen: be to longer no was Rabbit the but corner, the turned she when it behind close was She getting!' it's late how whiskers, and ears my `Oh corner, a turned it as say, it hear to time in just was and wind, the like Alice went away lost: be to moment a not was There it. down hurrying sight, in still was Rabbit White the and passage, long another was her before overhead; dark all was it but up, looked she moment: a in feet her to on up jumped she and hurt, bit a not was Alice over. was fall the and leaves, dry and sticks of heap a upon came she down thump! thump! suddenly, when bat?' a eat ever you did truth: the me tell Dinah, `Now, earnestly, very her to saying and Dinah, with hand in hand walking was she that dream to begun just had and off, dozing was she that felt She it. put she way which matter much didn't it question, either answer couldn't she as see, you for, cats?' eat bats `Do sometimes, and bats?' eat cats Do bats? eat cats `Do way, of sort dreamy a in herself, to saying on went and sleepy, rather get to began Alice here And wonder?' I bats, eat cats do But know. you mouse, a like very that's and bat, a catch might you but afraid, I'm air, the in mice no are There me! with here down were you wish I dear! my Dinah tea-time. at milk of saucer her remember they'll hope `I cat.) the was (Dinah think!' should I to-night, much very me miss `Dinah'll again. talking began soon Alice so do, to else nothing was There down. down, Down, somewhere.' up written it see shall I perhaps ask: to do never it'll No, asking! for me think she'll girl little ignorant an what `And it?) manage could you think you Do air! the through falling you're as CURTSEYING spoke--fancy she as curtsey to tried she (and Australia?' or Zealand New this is Ma'am, Please, know. you is, country the of name the what them ask to have shall I `--but word) right the all at sound didn't it as time, this listening, one no WAS there glad rather was (she think--' I Antipathies, The downward! heads their with walk that people the among out come to seem it'll funny How earth! the THROUGH right fall shall I if wonder `I again. began she Presently say.) to words grand nice were they thought but either, Longitude or was, Latitude what idea no had (Alice to?' got I've Longitude or Latitude what wonder I then distance--but right the about that's `--yes, over) it say to practice good was it still her, to listen to one no was there as knowledge, her off showing for opportunity good VERY a not was this though and schoolroom, the in lessons her in sort this of things several learnt had Alice see, you (for, think--' I down, miles thousand four be would that see: me Let earth. the of centre the near somewhere getting be must `I aloud. said she time?' this by fallen I've miles many how wonder `I end! an to come NEVER fall the Would down. down, Down, true.) likely very was (Which house!' the of top the off fell I if even it, about anything say wouldn't I Why, home! at me think all they'll brave How stairs! down tumbling of nothing think shall I this, as fall a such `after herself, to Alice thought `Well!' it. past fell she as cupboards the of one into it put to managed so somebody, killing of fear for jar the drop to like not did she empty: was it disappointment great her to but MARMALADE', `ORANGE labelled was it passed; she as shelves the of one from jar a down took She pegs. upon hung pictures and maps saw she there and here book-shelves; and cupboards filledwith were they that noticed and well, the of sides the at looked she then anything; see to dark too was butit to, coming shewas what out andmake down tolook tried she next.First, happen to going was what wonder to and her about look to down went she as time of plenty had she for slowly, very fell she or deep, very was well the Either well. deep very a down falling herself found she before herself stopping about think to moment a not had Alice that suddenly so down, suddenly dipped then and way, some for tunnel a like on straight went rabbit-hole The again. out get to was she world the in how considering once never it, after Alice went down moment another In hedge. the under rabbit-hole large a down pop it see to time in just was fortunately and it, after field the across ran she curiosity, with burning and it, of out take to watch a or waistcoat-pocket, a either with rabbit a seen before never had she that mind her across flashed it for feet, her to started Alice on, hurried then and it, at looked and POCKET, WAISTCOAT- ITS OF OUT WATCH A TOOK actually Rabbit the when but natural); quite seemed all it time the at but this, at wondered have to ought she that her to occurred it afterwards, over it thought she (when late!' be shall I dear! Oh dear! `Oh itself, to say Rabbit the hear to way the of out much VERY so it think Alice did nor that; in remarkable VERY so nothing was There her. by close ran eyes pink with Rabbit White a suddenly when daisies, the picking and up getting of trouble the worth be would daisy-chain a making of pleasure the whether stupid), and sleepy very feel her made day hot the for could, she as well (as mind own her in considering was she So conversation?' or pictures `without Alice thought book,' a of use the is what `and it, in conversations or pictures no had it but reading, was sister her book the ALICE'SADVENTURESINWONDERLANDLewisCarrollTHEMILLENNIUMFULCRUMEDITION3.0CHAPTERIDowntheRabbit-HoleAlicewasbeginningtogetverytiredofsittingbyhersisteronthebank,andofhavingnothingtodo:onceortwiceshehadpeepedinto 